
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               687030485625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9653011                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 18251302                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              100577907                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2305612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   151.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1465290223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2770478067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          16576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13352128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13368704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         16576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      5864128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         5864128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          208627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              208886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         91627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              91627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1085716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         874554729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             875640445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1085716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1085716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       384096144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            384096144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       384096144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1085716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        874554729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1259736588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      208888                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      91627                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    208888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    91627                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13368832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 5864128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13368832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              5864128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              5553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              5324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              5329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              5511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              5750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              5145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              5600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              5885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             5879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             5946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             6395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             5809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             6078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             5834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267368500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                208888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                91627                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  117514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   88162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   5736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   5725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   5733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   5741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   5772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   5780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   5786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   5817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   6104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   6484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   6050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   5905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   6370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        39211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    490.544796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   310.570241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   391.923597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7673     19.57%     19.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7789     19.86%     39.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4338     11.06%     50.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2770      7.06%     57.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1952      4.98%     62.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1387      3.54%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1128      2.88%     68.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1159      2.96%     71.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11015     28.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        39211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.752801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.568121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.452633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7               1      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            295      5.16%      5.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          5266     92.19%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           135      2.36%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             6      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             2      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             2      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             2      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          5712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.041141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.038497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.305592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             5599     98.02%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               17      0.30%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               76      1.33%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      0.25%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          5712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3624785500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7541435500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1044440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17352.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36102.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       875.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       384.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    875.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    384.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.70                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   190167                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   71142                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      50804.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                135624300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 72086025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               727844460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              227529360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         758465760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1547567100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61514400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1629991950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       540575520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1697188320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7398527715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.598215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11713119750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67558500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6730751500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1407741750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164931875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3574626500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                144306540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 76715925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               763615860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              250763580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         753548640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1626887730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             58091520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1668764490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       481164960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1662707880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7486593645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            490.366470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11544874750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     58755000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     319534000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6635661125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1253041250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3340928250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3659424500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4474626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4474626                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            23568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3985037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  63734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3985037                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3483134                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          501903                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         6024                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    5583995                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1211904                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         4667                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          899                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1568362                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          423                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1588862                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      26257788                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4474626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3546868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28893665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  47594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2557                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          425                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1567954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30509447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.503902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.844770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                21544025     70.61%     70.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2188934      7.17%     77.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  709527      2.33%     80.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  445152      1.46%     81.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  351719      1.15%     82.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  412932      1.35%     84.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  450541      1.48%     85.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  487932      1.60%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3918685     12.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30509447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.146542                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.859933                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1694969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             22980079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2588434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3222168                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 23797                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              45406271                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 23797                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2717346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14359202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20394                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4722274                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              8666434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              45294409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents              1078107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               3347226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               1982987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1759529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           63682755                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            106779770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        53657605                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         14182173                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             62638575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1044070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               220                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 14424541                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             5630917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1244493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           201429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19620                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  45131890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1436                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 44912691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6638                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         754533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1039910                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1299                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30509447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.472091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.111505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17253416     56.55%     56.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2770393      9.08%     65.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2407914      7.89%     73.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2632169      8.63%     82.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1277967      4.19%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1857585      6.09%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1534735      5.03%     97.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             380384      1.25%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             394884      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30509447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  74544     36.79%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                23029     11.37%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 37078     18.30%     66.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                50573     24.96%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            17312      8.54%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              81      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            44328      0.10%      0.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             33590563     74.79%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5229      0.01%     74.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  162      0.00%     74.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4453381      9.92%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4064036      9.05%     93.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             909539      2.03%     95.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        1532182      3.41%     99.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        313271      0.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              44912691                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.470874                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     202617                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004511                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         104794515                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37995990                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36983522                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15749569                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           7891993                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7844344                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              37167363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7903617                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          349149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          536                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82088                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4595                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 23797                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               11014541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1587669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           45133326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              5630917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1244493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               619                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 38822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1545057                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         12921                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               28490                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             44860978                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              5583699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            51713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6795594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4346569                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1211895                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.469181                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      44836558                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     44827866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 35947947                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 55706819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.468096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.645306                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         754936                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            137                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            23705                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30395326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.460053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.427020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20330846     66.89%     66.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1661320      5.47%     72.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       264531      0.87%     73.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       783237      2.58%     75.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2716310      8.94%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2588045      8.51%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       132931      0.44%     93.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109212      0.36%     94.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1808894      5.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30395326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            25373257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              44378780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       6664694                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      5502271                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4314333                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   7831019                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38825829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               60754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        37564      0.08%      0.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33224287     74.87%     74.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5214      0.01%     74.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              83      0.00%     74.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       4446938     10.02%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3972920      8.95%     93.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        849547      1.91%     95.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1529351      3.45%     99.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       312876      0.71%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         44378780                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1808894                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    73720148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   90382672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25241                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   25373257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     44378780                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.203420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.203420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.830965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.830965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                52895766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               32005485                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 14138374                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6878122                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 22026337                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                24240254                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16343920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           268998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4472547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           268998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.626692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         25838690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        25838690                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3053910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3053910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1113726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1113726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4167636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4167636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4167636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4167636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2176086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2176086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        48701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        48701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2224787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2224787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2224787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2224787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154781481500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 154781481500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1298563499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1298563499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156080044999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 156080044999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156080044999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 156080044999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5229996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5229996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1162427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1162427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6392423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6392423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6392423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6392423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.416078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.416078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.348035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.348035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71128.384402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71128.384402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26664.000719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26664.000719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70155.050798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70155.050798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70155.050798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70155.050798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       126318                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             2130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.304225                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       105233                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           105233                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1955749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1955749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1955788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1955788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1955788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1955788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       220337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        48662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        48662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       268999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       268999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17988091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17988091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1247592999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1247592999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19235683999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19235683999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19235683999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19235683999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81638.993905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81638.993905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25637.931014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25637.931014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71508.384786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71508.384786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71508.384786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71508.384786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              487                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.423662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           55228334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         113405.203285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.423662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6272304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6272304                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1567341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1567341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1567341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1567341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1567341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1567341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1567954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1567954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1567954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1567954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1567954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1567954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72153.344209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72153.344209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72153.344209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72153.344209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72153.344209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72153.344209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    74.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35485500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35485500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35485500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35485500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35485500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35485500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72716.188525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72716.188525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72716.188525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72716.188525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72716.188525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72716.188525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    209186                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      350925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    209186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.677574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       91.163557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        81.932072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48978.904371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        17912                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        29246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6676766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6676766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       105233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           105233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          484                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              484                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             40391                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 40391                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            229                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                229                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         19976                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             19976                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                60367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    60596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               60367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   60596                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          259                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              259                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             208629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 208888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            208629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                208888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    750132500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     750132500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32326500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32326500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17444769000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17444769000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18194901500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18227228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18194901500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18227228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       105233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       105233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          484                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          484                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         48659                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             48659                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       220337                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        220337                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           268996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               269484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          268996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              269484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.169917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.169917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530738                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.530738                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.909339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.530738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.775584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.775141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.530738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.775584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.775141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90727.201258                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90727.201258                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124812.741313                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124812.741313                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87066.689625                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87066.689625                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124812.741313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87211.756275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87258.377695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124812.741313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87211.756275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87258.377695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                91627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     91627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          259                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200361                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200361                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        208629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            208888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       208629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           208888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    667452500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    667452500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29736500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29736500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15441139000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15441139000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29736500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16108591500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16138328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29736500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16108591500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16138328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.169917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.775141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.775141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80727.201258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80727.201258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114812.741313                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114812.741313                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77066.589805                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77066.589805                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114812.741313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77211.660412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77258.281950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114812.741313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77211.660412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77258.281950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        417781                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       208895                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        91627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           117264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       626671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       626671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 626671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19233088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19233088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19233088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            208890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  208890    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              208890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           849375500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1097532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       538972                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       269486                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            298                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          298                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            220827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       196860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          281324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            48659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           48659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       220337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       806998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                808461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23950784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               24013184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          209186                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   5864128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           478673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000648                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 478363     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    310      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             478673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          375206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            732000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         403499997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
