
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               244277506000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1931041                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3639778                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53162158                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   287.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   554564738                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1045287421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         261312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             261376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       226496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          226496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          17115747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              17119939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14835324                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14835324                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14835324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         17115747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31955263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4084                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3539                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4084                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3539                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 261376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  226496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  261376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               226496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267626500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4084                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3539                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.680135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.169901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   143.629198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4148     87.29%     87.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          281      5.91%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           99      2.08%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      1.22%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      0.88%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.78%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.46%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      0.67%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           33      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.502513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.273050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.299639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            10      5.03%      5.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            82     41.21%     46.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            59     29.65%     75.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            24     12.06%     87.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             6      3.02%     90.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             6      3.02%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             5      2.51%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             4      2.01%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             2      1.01%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.783920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.772551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.618358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21     10.55%     10.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.50%     11.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              177     88.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    304632000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               381207000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     74591.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                93341.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        17.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     17.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2802                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2002837.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22326780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11870760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                18906720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11322180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1273534080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            512029860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             44913120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3551824470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2146974720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        270227820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7865492490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            515.184070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14024199375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67337750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     540104250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    643878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5591284000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     635702750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7789037375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11595360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6163080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                10253040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7151400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1073776080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            395161620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47022240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2398890030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2217208320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        898853220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7066861800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            462.874338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14207377375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     79598250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     455690000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3241852500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5774025125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     455534750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5260643500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13193245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13193245                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1018764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11097166                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 983054                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            204939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11097166                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3828346                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7268820                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       717759                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10176466                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7685045                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       114436                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        35558                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9063774                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        12380                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9752588                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59588387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13193245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4811400                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19691196                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2053228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                6954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        57052                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9051394                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               245216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.733293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.568287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12301095     40.29%     40.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  847171      2.77%     43.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1278308      4.19%     47.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1452949      4.76%     52.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1126190      3.69%     55.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1146329      3.75%     59.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1066288      3.49%     62.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  931470      3.05%     65.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10384604     34.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.951498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8722754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4082241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15783291                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               919504                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1026614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108776860                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1026614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9451899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3077782                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15911922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1054682                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104024043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 71918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    70                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                922334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110725981                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            262013291                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156403730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3256810                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             71303505                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39422459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               962                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1226                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   995085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11979335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8985292                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           500434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          192889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  94404624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              51291                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84837653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           416950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27706823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40162911                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         51267                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.778428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.508007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9293317     30.44%     30.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2898930      9.49%     39.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3215258     10.53%     50.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3206904     10.50%     60.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3249416     10.64%     71.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2844095      9.31%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3153662     10.33%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1635192      5.36%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1037630      3.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 784320     72.05%     72.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15132      1.39%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                107014      9.83%     83.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                92857      8.53%     91.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              700      0.06%     91.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88602      8.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           499725      0.59%      0.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             64277708     75.77%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76115      0.09%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                89492      0.11%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1205581      1.42%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10283373     12.12%     90.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7719185      9.10%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         407307      0.48%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        279167      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84837653                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.778402                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1088625                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         197669606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118996330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79522136                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            4045674                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3167489                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1837496                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              83384745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2041808                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1328030                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3986097                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10920                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2225                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2430001                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           90                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1026614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3129547                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 6317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           94455915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            20161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11979335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8985292                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             18178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 6274                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2225                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        301625                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1030396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1332021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             82443662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10169509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2393986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17847966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8949177                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7678457                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.700000                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81923752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     81359632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56910983                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 89302000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.664498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27707625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1025935                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26381048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.530190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.747916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8956209     33.95%     33.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3902452     14.79%     48.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2717699     10.30%     59.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3719234     14.10%     73.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1159081      4.39%     77.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1203065      4.56%     82.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       850559      3.22%     85.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       483470      1.83%     87.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3389279     12.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26381048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            35241120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66749077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14548524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7993235                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7757120                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1361973                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 65726003                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              483709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       271237      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50764475     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56746      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           79275      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1028820      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7705401     11.54%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6555289      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       287834      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66749077                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3389279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   117448471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  193147992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             38                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            285                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   35241120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66749077                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.866451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.866451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.154134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.154134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               119567792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63706814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2595248                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1284944                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41745207                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21830310                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               36174455                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             489207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            88.946727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         61175988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        61175988                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8728912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8728912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6555098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6555098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15284010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15284010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15284010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15284010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    171906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    524050000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    524050000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    695956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    695956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    695956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    695956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8734030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8734030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6558592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6558592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15292622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15292622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15292622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15292622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33588.511137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33588.511137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149985.689754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149985.689754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80812.354854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80812.354854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80812.354854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80812.354854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     95625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517485000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517485000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    613110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    613110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47175.629008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47175.629008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149002.303484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149002.303484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111474.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111474.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111474.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111474.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             234431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           176.131480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36206907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36206907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9050025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9050025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9050025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9050025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9050025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9050025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9051394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9051394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9051394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9051394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9051394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9051394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13676.040906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13676.040906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13676.040906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13676.040906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13676.040906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13676.040906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12453.042825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12453.042825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12453.042825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12453.042825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12453.042825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12453.042825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4089                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.337491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       40.639147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.312801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16319.048052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    113289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   113289                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4073                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4073                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1331                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1331                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1330                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1330                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1409                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1409                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512699000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     512699000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       613500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77212500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     77212500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589911500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        590525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589911500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       590525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4073                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4073                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1331                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1331                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1331                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1331                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2024                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2024                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997699                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997699                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.742364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.597863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.742364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.597863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147837.081892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147837.081892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       613500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 125548.780488                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125548.780488                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144479.916728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144594.760039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144479.916728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144594.760039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3539                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3539                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    478019000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478019000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       603500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71062500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71062500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    549685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    549685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.742364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.597863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.742364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.597863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137837.081892                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137837.081892                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       603500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115548.780488                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115548.780488                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 134479.916728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134594.760039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 134479.916728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134594.760039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8166                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4082                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       487872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       487872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  487872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4084    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22450500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6830                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 20493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       170368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       612672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 783040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4089                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    226496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10898     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     22      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1996500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8250499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
