
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10427596037375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66400021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123993430                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              164636724                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6157505686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11498345873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10041728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10061312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9948352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9948352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1282738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657725923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659008660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1282738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1282738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651609862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651609862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651609862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1282738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657725923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1310618523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157208                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155443                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155443                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10061312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9948992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10061312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9948352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155443                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    736.075333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   579.393893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.352873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1890      6.95%      6.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2265      8.33%     15.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1932      7.11%     22.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1663      6.12%     28.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1382      5.08%     33.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1450      5.33%     38.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1397      5.14%     44.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1320      4.86%     48.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13887     51.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.191349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.132327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.786425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             41      0.42%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            71      0.73%      1.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9417     96.98%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           114      1.17%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            34      0.35%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            12      0.12%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             5      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.186613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9679     99.68%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2878593750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5826243750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18310.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37060.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143696                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141780                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48832.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97796580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51983910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               565380900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407593260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1508253060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63266880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2093663010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       304458720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1583320140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7421274780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.088132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11795078000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43911500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6410791750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    792868750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3112433000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4591419125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96304320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51186960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557084220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403871400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         740026560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1492229220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65828640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2050335600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       322526880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1602216180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7381609980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.490116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11767907500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48393000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     313586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6487219625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    839954750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3081735750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4496455000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1252708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1252708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1245314                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3433                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               734                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1245314                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1211590                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33724                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4313                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     357037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1239501                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          731                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5506991                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1252708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1215023                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431726                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  62                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          525                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1804                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.364525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.616956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28881093     94.67%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40797      0.13%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   43389      0.14%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  233354      0.76%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27317      0.09%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8145      0.03%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8823      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25294      0.08%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1239131      4.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.180352                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  383593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28723025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               752557                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6374                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11060167                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6374                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  661265                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 229281                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1115600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28482984                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11028599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28188887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14081093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23289412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12674927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           302364                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13831857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  249236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4774516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              366658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1246801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20369                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10971821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10913368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         161136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       235401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           627                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.357729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.228866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27540122     90.27%     90.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             472297      1.55%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             526171      1.72%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349336      1.15%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296643      0.97%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1004197      3.29%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             122090      0.40%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             171272      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25215      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  75192     94.55%     94.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  427      0.54%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   769      0.97%     96.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  204      0.26%     96.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2751      3.46%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             185      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4039      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9228360     84.56%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  280      0.00%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80146      0.73%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              313251      2.87%     88.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1202678     11.02%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46386      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38146      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10913368                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.357409                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      79528                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007287                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52046247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10928862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10710800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             369099                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205014                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180888                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10802674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 186183                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1940                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          189                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          531                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6374                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  51744                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               139302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10972558                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              712                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               366658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1246801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               320                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   339                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               138805                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           189                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10898776                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               356885                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1596371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1227758                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1239486                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.356931                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10894663                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10891688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7948229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11093806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.356699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         161331                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.354686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.255407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27606634     90.57%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340667      1.12%     91.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324374      1.06%     92.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1088309      3.57%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65481      0.21%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       660596      2.17%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        74850      0.25%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22796      0.07%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       297938      0.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5333992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10811422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1579335                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       344607                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1221603                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176798                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10717172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9151561     84.65%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             62      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78008      0.72%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         300413      2.78%     88.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1197050     11.07%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44194      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10811422                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               297938                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41156460                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21971701                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5333992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10811422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.724547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.724547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.174686                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.174686                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12466642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8281189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   279510                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142051                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6125495                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5500749                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4058764                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1563570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.960504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6512049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6512049                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       350424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         350424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1079065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1079065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1429489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1429489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1429489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1429489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    330628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14029429999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14029429999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14360057999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14360057999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14360057999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14360057999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       354030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1234738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1234738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1588768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1588768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91688.297282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91688.297282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90121.151381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90121.151381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90156.630811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90156.630811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90156.630811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90156.630811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12557                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          476                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.493590                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          238                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13872865999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13872865999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14009130999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14009130999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14009130999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14009130999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103702.435312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103702.435312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89120.007702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89120.007702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89242.070589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89242.070589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89242.070589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89242.070589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.000070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             162834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           290.775000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.000070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53790500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53790500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77063.753582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.753582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77063.753582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.753582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77063.753582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.753582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67927.046263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67927.046263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67927.046263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67927.046263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67927.046263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67927.046263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157693                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.041534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.948098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16302.010368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9597                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2678101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2678101                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            254                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                254                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  75                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          306                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              306                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13638984000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13638984000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34647500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34647500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133688000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133688000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34647500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13772672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13807319500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34647500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13772672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13807319500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155663                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155663                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1314                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1314                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.546429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.961948                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.961948                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.546429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.546429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87632.737506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87632.737506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113227.124183                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113227.124183                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105765.822785                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105765.822785                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113227.124183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87778.817351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87828.351611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113227.124183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87778.817351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87828.351611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155442                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155442                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          306                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12082614000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12082614000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31587500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31587500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121048000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121048000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12203662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235249500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12203662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235249500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.961948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77632.801758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77632.801758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103227.124183                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103227.124183                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95765.822785                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95765.822785                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103227.124183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.881085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77828.415221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103227.124183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.881085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77828.415221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314265                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20009600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20009600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20009600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157208    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936569500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826759250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315078                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157537                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           85                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            717                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          717                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20031936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20103616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157695                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9948416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050375                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314432     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    802      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            843000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235467498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
