
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2534379124750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               20823584                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 38465151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59567844                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   256.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5337121331                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9858686107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1377536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1377792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1087744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1087744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           21524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               21528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          90227612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              90244380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        71246445                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             71246445                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        71246445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         90227612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            161490825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       21528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16996                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     21528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16996                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1377664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1088192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1377792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1087744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269624000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 21528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16996                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   19148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     91.164208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.511559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.771377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        19543     72.26%     72.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5290     19.56%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1156      4.27%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          655      2.42%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          226      0.84%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           98      0.36%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           34      0.13%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           34      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.707661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.534178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.770251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             2      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            49      4.94%      5.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           154     15.52%     20.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           283     28.53%     49.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           269     27.12%     76.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           148     14.92%     91.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            59      5.95%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            22      2.22%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             4      0.40%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             2      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.140121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.108821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.033995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              433     43.65%     43.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      2.42%     46.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              498     50.20%     96.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               37      3.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    596205750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               999818250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  107630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27697.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46447.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        90.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     90.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     71.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7729                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3753                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     396366.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97896540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52040835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                76405140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               44521380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            983427270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29338560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4689006390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1030487040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         30673740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8249079705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            540.308756                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13034545375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18154750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     514033250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     67674250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2683787250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1700610750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10283083875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 95219040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 50594940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                77290500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               44234280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216987200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            970707150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29629440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4741065630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1002244320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         29060160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8257232190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            540.842737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13060656875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     514980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     53907750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2610224375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1672545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10396717750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13119111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13119111                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1360061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10969763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1087759                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            195920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10969763                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2600024                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8369739                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       895706                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6926798                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2420666                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        90073                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        21450                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6518815                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2531                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7353665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56201256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13119111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3687783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21803318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2722236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14589                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6516284                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               317849                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.986574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.675087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12327675     40.37%     40.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  517573      1.70%     42.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  904400      2.96%     45.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1315758      4.31%     49.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  621935      2.04%     51.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1125620      3.69%     55.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  960203      3.14%     58.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  509625      1.67%     59.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12250780     40.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.429646                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.840571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5572811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8556386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13582301                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1460953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1361118                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109083278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1361118                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6635384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7055387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        273612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13771782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1436286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102048436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                35859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                797506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                402179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          114741505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            253569037                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139895418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18148717                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48598672                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66142844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31054                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3449040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9440952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3357867                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           161003                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          170910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88597496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             216648                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70732428                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           665953                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       46815422                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67827517                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        216539                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.316546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.586810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13327048     43.65%     43.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2239982      7.34%     50.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2784586      9.12%     60.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2315459      7.58%     67.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2351315      7.70%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2228189      7.30%     82.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2620353      8.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1624522      5.32%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1042115      3.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1438271     92.97%     92.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                79928      5.17%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5610      0.36%     98.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 3227      0.21%     98.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            19720      1.27%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             340      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1736017      2.45%      2.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54006103     76.35%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3697      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                79598      0.11%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4738206      6.70%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5260865      7.44%     93.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2629240      3.72%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2277651      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1051      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70732428                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.316461                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1547096                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159805532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118881495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60115997                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           14405942                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          16748322                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6427792                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63332590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7210917                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          224914                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5659471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4217                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          295                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1610254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3588                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1361118                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6106360                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                11631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           88814144                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9440952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3357867                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             88751                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2716                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           295                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        407014                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1301571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1708585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67727463                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6894063                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3004965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9314133                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6261165                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2420070                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.218050                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67100733                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66543789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49299969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87706616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.179285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562101                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       46815724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1360952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23392782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.795371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.421635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10881894     46.52%     46.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3015142     12.89%     59.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3405032     14.56%     73.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1880835      8.04%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       954602      4.08%     86.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       784412      3.35%     89.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       324694      1.39%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       326978      1.40%     92.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1819193      7.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23392782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19146350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41998733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5529096                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3781482                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4383668                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3087084                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39381251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              379771                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       687213      1.64%      1.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33403944     79.54%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2337      0.01%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           51909      0.12%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2324234      5.53%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3028720      7.21%     94.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1747614      4.16%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       752762      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41998733                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1819193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110388046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  184907697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             99                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1119                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19146350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41998733                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.594805                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.594805                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.627036                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.627036                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87180293                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51385928                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10190378                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6034273                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36379726                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17977936                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22190961                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            24366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             587736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            24366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.121152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33482226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33482226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6577579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6577579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1737108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1737108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8314687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8314687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8314687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8314687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        39131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        39131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        49778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         49778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        49778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        49778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3014787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3014787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1005459500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1005459500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4020246500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4020246500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4020246500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4020246500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6616710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6616710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1747755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1747755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8364465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8364465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8364465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8364465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77043.443817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77043.443817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94435.944397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94435.944397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80763.520029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80763.520029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80763.520029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80763.520029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        24874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        25390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        25390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        25390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        25390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        24388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        24388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1220696500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220696500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    949557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    949557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2170253500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2170253500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2170253500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2170253500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85620.852914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85620.852914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93727.864969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93727.864969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88988.580449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88988.580449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88988.580449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88988.580449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.762528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             114090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.591195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.762528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26066113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26066113                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6515273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6515273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6515273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6515273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6515273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6515273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6516284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6516284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6516284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6516284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6516284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6516284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12912.957468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12912.957468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12912.957468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12912.957468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12912.957468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12912.957468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11844500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11844500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11844500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11844500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11844500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11844500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12123.336745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12123.336745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12123.336745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12123.336745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12123.336745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12123.336745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     21531                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     21531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.102132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.725274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        13.179768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16354.094959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    426443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   426443                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17447                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17447                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          954                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              954                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            950                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                950                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2787                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2787                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 950                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2842                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10055                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10055                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        11469                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           11469                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              21524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  21528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             21524                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 21528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    933566000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     933566000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       358500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       358500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1169364000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1169364000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       358500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2102930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2103288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       358500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2102930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2103288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17447                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17447                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          954                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          954                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14256                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14256                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            24366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           24366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.272727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994560                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994560                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804503                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.804503                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.004193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.850237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.004193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.850237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92845.947290                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92845.947290                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89625                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89625                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101958.671201                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101958.671201                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97701.635384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97700.134708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97701.635384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97700.134708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16996                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16996                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11469                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        11469                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         21524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             21528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            21528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       119000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       119000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    833016000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    833016000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       318500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       318500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1054674000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054674000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       318500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1887690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1888008500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       318500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1887690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1888008500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.850237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.850237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82845.947290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82845.947290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79625                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79625                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91958.671201                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91958.671201                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87701.635384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87700.134708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87701.635384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87700.134708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         43057                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21534                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        64585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        64585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  64585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             21534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   21534    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               21534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           116484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          116783500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        50685                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25318                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           93                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             15233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           11454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              22                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             22                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 76027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       122112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2676032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2798144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           21554                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1089216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            46896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  46797     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     99      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              46896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           43743500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          36560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
