
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2900795383750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94051342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                174071333                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              261322467                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    58.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5494794833                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10169834265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11548224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11548224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        77056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           77056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          180441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              180441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         756400321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             756400321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5047112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5047112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5047112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        756400321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            761447433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      180441                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1204                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    180441                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1204                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11537984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   76928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11548224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                77056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267351500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                180441                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1204                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  137438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    120.398122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.705319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.098945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47012     48.73%     48.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40663     42.15%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7657      7.94%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          959      0.99%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      0.13%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           75                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2406.013333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2348.282100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    529.348158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      1.33%      1.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      2.67%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      4.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      2.67%     10.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      6.67%     17.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            6      8.00%     25.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            9     12.00%     37.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            5      6.67%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431           10     13.33%     57.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            7      9.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      2.67%     69.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            5      6.67%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            4      5.33%     81.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            4      5.33%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            3      4.00%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            3      4.00%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            2      2.67%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      1.33%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      1.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            75                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           75                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.026667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.025147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.230940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               74     98.67%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            75                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4510412750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7890681500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  901405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25018.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43768.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       755.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    756.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    84001                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1013                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      84050.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352480380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187366740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               662656260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3935880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1599285480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24677760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5211853140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102362880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9349927560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.413494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11696568625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9742500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266733750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3051384750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11429834875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                336308280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                178748295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               624550080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2338560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1528920690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24659520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5273408580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       109723200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9283966245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            608.093076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11850817500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    285727000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2896928625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11565090500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2253319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2253319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           125017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1827132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 110183                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             17619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1827132                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            891226                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          935906                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        52928                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1153834                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     160401                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       189600                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2427                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1724404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        10621                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1784887                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7210905                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2253319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1001409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28463593                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 257034                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        84804                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1713783                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                20094                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     18                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30467339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.477621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.738580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27815159     91.30%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   55473      0.18%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  739785      2.43%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   72524      0.24%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  184947      0.61%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  138442      0.45%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  131622      0.43%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   57603      0.19%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1271784      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30467339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.073795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.236155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1008736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27488158                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1447123                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               394805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                128517                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12171451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                128517                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1157313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25971452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         33027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1604601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1572429                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11583879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               132339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1127831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                362311                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13724299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             31328357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        15878992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           103913                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4766708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8957586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2329729                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1887434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             228260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10203                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10756982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              11794                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8002376                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            14695                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6807307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12588079                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         11794                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30467339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.262654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.978251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27537029     90.38%     90.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1014602      3.33%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             587736      1.93%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             416409      1.37%     97.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             436620      1.43%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             198446      0.65%     99.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             158202      0.52%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              71207      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              47088      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30467339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  30679     73.33%     73.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3274      7.83%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6898     16.49%     97.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  674      1.61%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              311      0.74%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            45044      0.56%      0.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6488578     81.08%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3289      0.04%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                30857      0.39%     82.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              40593      0.51%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1213979     15.17%     97.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             172357      2.15%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7672      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8002376                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.262075                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      41839                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005228                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          46428044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         17494111                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7571854                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             100581                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             81980                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        44590                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               7947311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  51860                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           13812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1228472                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          494                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          143                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1199                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                128517                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22877344                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               316514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10768776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1887434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              228260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               102837                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         60771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        87712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              148483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7797294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1153017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           205082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1313379                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  886932                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    160362                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.255359                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7660743                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7616444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5629271                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9120262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.249436                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6808618                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           128511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29462910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.134456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.723566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27921907     94.77%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       651618      2.21%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       184846      0.63%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       421401      1.43%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        92871      0.32%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        56841      0.19%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17614      0.06%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11917      0.04%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       103895      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29462910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1984707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3961465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        750136                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       658960                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    636830                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     36656                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3924534                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               16075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        10995      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3141776     79.31%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            643      0.02%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           26619      0.67%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         31296      0.79%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         653600     16.50%     97.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         91176      2.30%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5360      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3961465                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               103895                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40129098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22549216                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          67349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1984707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3961465                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             15.384985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       15.384985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.064998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.064998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 8645746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6594110                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    78430                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   39222                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4535591                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2166485                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3827094                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           287548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             682371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           287548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.373068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5170404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5170404                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       611005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         611005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        89929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         89929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       700934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          700934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       700934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         700934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       518533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       518533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       519780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        519780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       519780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       519780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34676294500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34676294500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93960500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     93960500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34770255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34770255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34770255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34770255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1129538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1129538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        91176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        91176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1220714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1220714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1220714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1220714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.459066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.459066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013677                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013677                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.425800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.425800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.425800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.425800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66873.843131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66873.843131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75349.238172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75349.238172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66894.176382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.176382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66894.176382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.176382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1116                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.349462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       232216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       232216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       232232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       232232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       232232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       232232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       286317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       286317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       287548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       287548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       287548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       287548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18699785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18699785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     91334000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91334000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18791119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18791119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18791119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18791119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013501                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013501                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65311.472948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65311.472948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74194.963444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74194.963444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65349.503387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65349.503387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65349.503387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65349.503387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6855132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6855132                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1713783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1713783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1713783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1713783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1713783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1713783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1713783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1713783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1713783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1713783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1713783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1713783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    180482                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      400648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    180482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.219878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.036512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.963488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4780450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4780450                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               365                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   365                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        106742                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            106742                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               107107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   107107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              107107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  107107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       179574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          179574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             180441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 180441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            180441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                180441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85611000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      85611000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17108880500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17108880500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17194491500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17194491500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17194491500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17194491500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       286316                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        286316                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           287548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               287548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          287548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              287548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703734                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.703734                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.627188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.627516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.627516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.627516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.627516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98743.944637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98743.944637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95274.819851                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95274.819851                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95291.488631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95291.488631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95291.488631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95291.488631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1204                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1204                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           42                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            42                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       179574                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       179574                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        180441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            180441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       180441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           180441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76941000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76941000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15313140500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15313140500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15390081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15390081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15390081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15390081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.627516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.627516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88743.944637                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88743.944637                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85274.819851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85274.819851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85291.488631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85291.488631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85291.488631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85291.488631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        360875                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       180441                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             179574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           179230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        179574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       541316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       541316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 541316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11625280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11625280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11625280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            180441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  180441    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              180441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           425927500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          978624750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       575096                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       287547                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          241                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             90                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           82                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            286316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          463974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       286316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       862644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                862644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18585600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18585600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          180482                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     77056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           468030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 467700     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    322      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             468030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          290400000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         431322000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
