
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10855081672875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115381025                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215910665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              279060750                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6312465038                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11812416813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10029312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10049024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9949120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9949120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1291122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656912684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658203805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1291122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1291122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651660166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651660166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651660166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1291122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656912684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1309863971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157015                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155455                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157015                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155455                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10048960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9948800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10048960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9949120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267345000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157015                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155455                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    734.716144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   573.912493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.698518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2057      7.56%      7.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2299      8.45%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1804      6.63%     22.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1555      5.71%     28.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1488      5.47%     33.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1373      5.04%     38.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1339      4.92%     43.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1455      5.35%     49.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13848     50.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.170031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.121180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.580676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             36      0.37%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            92      0.95%      1.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9402     96.83%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           135      1.39%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            21      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             8      0.08%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.192336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9684     99.73%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2884861250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5828892500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18373.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37123.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143453                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141794                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48860.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97975080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52078785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561439620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405682740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         743714400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1492849380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62210880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2083114020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       303722400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1601413380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7404301725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.976409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11809762250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41298250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6472151625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    790921750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3079494250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4568242250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96361440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51213525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               559647480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405766260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1511049480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67004640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066476860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       317323200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1586885220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7407914325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.213031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11779080500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6421008750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    826376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3121529500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4531752875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1262216                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1262216                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5650                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1255350                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1255350                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1223459                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           31891                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3953                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     344959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1251017                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          672                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2645                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46027                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          363                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5527280                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1262216                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1226819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1774                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    45742                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1635                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.365678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.620862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28894948     94.71%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31082      0.10%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   33273      0.11%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224022      0.73%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26176      0.09%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   16447      0.05%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   17001      0.06%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24591      0.08%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1240674      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.181016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  386395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28716403                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   635633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               763724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11100267                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  666067                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 222839                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1118652                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28482485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11071633                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28186648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14121150                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23391806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12713190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           296288                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13891783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  229367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4848960                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              353881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1257943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           14430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11019606                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10966251                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         149428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       216760                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           580                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.359452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.228456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27524380     90.22%     90.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             465605      1.53%     91.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             511622      1.68%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             372831      1.22%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             327697      1.07%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1009198      3.31%     99.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117306      0.38%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             138305      0.45%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              41270      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  46981     91.58%     91.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     91.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     91.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  409      0.80%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   787      1.53%     93.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  190      0.37%     94.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2750      5.36%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             182      0.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4150      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9282272     84.64%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  85      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  266      0.00%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              79851      0.73%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301110      2.75%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1214113     11.07%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46262      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38142      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10966251                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.359141                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      51299                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52126388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10970061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10765832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             367306                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            199864                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180148                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10828119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 185281                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1998                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          212                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11458                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          584                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               134783                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11020296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               353881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1257943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               296                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   379                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               134229                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           212                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10952966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               344809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1595807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1239255                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1250998                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.358706                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10948961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10945980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7992586                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11179650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.358477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714923                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         149619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5901                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30484089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.356608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.253033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27572568     90.45%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       358322      1.18%     91.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       315552      1.04%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1105485      3.63%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70573      0.23%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       689801      2.26%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        55062      0.18%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30490      0.10%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286236      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30484089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5369516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10870868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1579470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       332985                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1233383                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176798                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10776619                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2235      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9210869     84.73%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78008      0.72%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         288791      2.66%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1208807     11.12%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44194      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10870868                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               286236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41218340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22065517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            233                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26474                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5369516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10870868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.686674                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.686674                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12520459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8313147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   277995                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141288                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6183190                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5522924                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4080585                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1440261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.187389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6510265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6510265                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       338323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         338323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1091011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1091011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1429334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1429334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1429334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1429334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    328741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14027145997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14027145997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14355886997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14355886997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14355886997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14355886997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       341880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       341880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1246495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1246495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1588375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1588375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124737                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124737                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92420.860276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92420.860276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90216.009345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90216.009345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90265.321502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90265.321502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90265.321502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90265.321502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12353                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1250                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          625                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135639500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135639500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13870304998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13870304998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14005944498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14005944498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14005944498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14005944498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104660.108025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104660.108025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89213.593344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89213.593344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89341.288762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89341.288762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89341.288762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89341.288762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1017.717776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.531646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1017.717776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.993865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           183526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          183526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        45742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        45742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        45742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        45742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        45742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        45742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77510.144928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77510.144928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77510.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77510.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77510.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77510.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38224500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38224500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38224500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38224500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38224500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38224500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68502.688172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68502.688172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68502.688172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68502.688172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68502.688172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68502.688172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157495                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.428809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.531284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16301.039907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2674447                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2674447                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          553                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              553                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            248                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                248                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155450                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155450                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          308                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              308                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157016                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13636806500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13636806500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34765500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34765500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133234000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133234000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34765500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13770040500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13804806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34765500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13770040500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13804806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          553                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          553                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          556                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            556                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1296                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1296                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553957                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.553957                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970679                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970679                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.553957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.553957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87724.712126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87724.712126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112875                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       112875                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105909.379968                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105909.379968                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87870.692626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87919.740663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87870.692626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87919.740663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155455                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155455                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155450                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155450                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          308                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1258                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1258                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12082306500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12082306500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31685500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31685500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120654000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120654000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31685500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12202960500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12234646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31685500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12202960500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12234646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77724.712126                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77724.712126                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102875                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102875                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95909.379968                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95909.379968                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77870.692626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77919.740663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77870.692626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77919.740663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313894                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156893                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19998144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19998144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19998144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157016    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           940433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826044500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314645                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            716                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20005504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20076480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157497                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9949248                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314006     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    816      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313696500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            837000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235149999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
