
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4427529796250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71269257                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                132180429                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              192769363                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    79.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5644526857                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10468695188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12358464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12358464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        35264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           35264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         809470455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             809470455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2309766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2309766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2309766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        809470455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            811780222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193101                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        551                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      551                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12354752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   34944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12358464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                35264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267357500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193101                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  551                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.445882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.374415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.259804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41579     43.11%     43.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44068     45.69%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9323      9.67%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1280      1.33%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          160      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           5619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5452.314646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1340.983063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      2.94%      2.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            2      5.88%      8.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      8.82%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            7     20.59%     38.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            7     20.59%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3      8.82%     67.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     11.76%     79.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      8.82%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3      8.82%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.058824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.055523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.342997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               33     97.06%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4753555500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8373111750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  965215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24624.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43374.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       809.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    809.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96662                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     467                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78839.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348403440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185158050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               696828300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 850860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1631949900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24385440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5222878080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        65787840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380936310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.444545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11624909125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9102000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    171316250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123203500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11454122375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                340320960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180892470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               681498720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1999260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1600362780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24604320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5206600020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105876480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9347464050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.252136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11694225125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9785000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3053467750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11418339375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1624546                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1624546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            73086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1304764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  54908                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7862                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1304764                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            677826                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          626938                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26801                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     777121                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66323                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       152353                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1311065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1345474                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4856235                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1624546                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            732734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29012602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 149458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43989                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1305959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8975                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30479336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.321348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.430414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28615685     93.89%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   27123      0.09%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  630115      2.07%     96.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   33310      0.11%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  132573      0.43%     96.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   79953      0.26%     96.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89232      0.29%     97.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29006      0.10%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  842339      2.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30479336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053203                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.159040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  680916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28495543                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   912419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               315729                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 74729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8048276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 74729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  781128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27215792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25957                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1049835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1331895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7699093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                84175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1023154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                254505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9175564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21245276                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10224827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            47641                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3204012                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5971508                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1989373                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1346051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              96426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5556                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5518                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7263747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5253269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7290                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4601187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9248529                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5500                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30479336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.172355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.766214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28366813     93.07%     93.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             825115      2.71%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             439712      1.44%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             299433      0.98%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             307195      1.01%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             101876      0.33%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              84589      0.28%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32087      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22516      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30479336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13570     68.39%     68.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1396      7.04%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4337     21.86%     97.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  311      1.57%     98.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              213      1.07%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              15      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20333      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4313934     82.12%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1526      0.03%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12818      0.24%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17376      0.33%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              812094     15.46%     98.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71347      1.36%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3790      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            51      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5253269                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.172043                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19842                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40968670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11830110                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5018816                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              44336                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             40328                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19040                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5229932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22846                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5704                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       858824                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          168                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        59655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           46                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1071                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25089207                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               274075                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7269247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1346051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               96426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2015                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                70464                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         37493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        46187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               83680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5147402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               776728                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           105867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      843033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  609246                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66305                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.168576                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5058203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5037856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3704940                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5914050                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.164988                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626464                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4601914                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            74727                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29821245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.560642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28687843     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       514478      1.73%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       127984      0.43%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       333397      1.12%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61366      0.21%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32666      0.11%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7189      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5120      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51202      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29821245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1336233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2668021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        523992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       487221                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    466050                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2653103                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4452      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2115917     79.31%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            260      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10788      0.40%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12612      0.47%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         485075     18.18%     98.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         36771      1.38%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2146      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2668021                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                51202                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37039978                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15199933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            409                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55352                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1336233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2668021                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.851320                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.851320                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043761                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043761                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5290060                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4372266                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    33727                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16844                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3179985                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1409192                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2656363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           244398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             361769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           244398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.480245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3455798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3455798                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       328507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         328507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        35762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       364269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          364269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       364269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         364269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       437572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       437572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       438581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        438581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       438581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       438581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34881267500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34881267500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45204499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45204499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34926471999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34926471999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34926471999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34926471999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       766079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        36771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       802850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       802850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       802850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       802850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.571184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027440                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027440                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.546280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.546280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.546280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.546280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79715.492536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79715.492536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44801.287413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44801.287413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79635.168872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79635.168872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79635.168872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79635.168872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20483                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.093915                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       243401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       244399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       244399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19228500500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19228500500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43300499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43300499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19271800999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19271800999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19271800999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19271800999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78999.266642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78999.266642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43387.273547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43387.273547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78853.845552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78853.845552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78853.845552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78853.845552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5223836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5223836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1305959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1305959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1305959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1305959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1305959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1305959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1305959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1305959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1305959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1305959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1305959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1305959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193113                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      293208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.518323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.787202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.212798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4101289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4101289                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         50646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             50646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                51298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               51298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34698500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34698500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18302245500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18302245500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18336944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18336944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18336944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18336944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       243401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        243401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           244399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               244399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          244399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              244399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.346693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.791924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.790106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.790106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.790106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.790106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100284.682081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100284.682081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94950.820990                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94950.820990                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94960.378248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94960.378248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94960.378248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94960.378248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192755                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192755                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31238500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31238500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16374705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16374705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16405944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16405944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16405944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16405944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.790106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.790106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90284.682081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90284.682081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84950.872870                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84950.872870                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84960.430034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84960.430034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84960.430034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84960.430034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386193                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193099                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       579293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       579293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12393664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12393664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12393664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193101    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455633500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1043601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       488797                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       244398                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          501                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           24                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            243400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       243401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       733195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                733195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15789952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15789952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193113                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     35264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034751                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436986     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    525      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          246718500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         366597000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
