
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6885572200375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              103294005                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                192069919                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              270011510                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    56.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5840580838                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10860265181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12551936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12551936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         822142731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             822142731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1551023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1551023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1551023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        822142731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823693754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196123                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        370                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196123                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      370                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12549248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   23680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12551872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     42                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267303500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196123                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  370                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.614565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.221484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.861852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41379     42.66%     42.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44310     45.68%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9730     10.03%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1398      1.44%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          149      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8508.869565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8367.967920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1568.525402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     13.04%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.35%     21.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      8.70%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.70%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     17.39%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.70%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      8.70%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.086957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.082146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.417029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22     95.65%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      4.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4821339000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8497876500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  980410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24588.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43338.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    822.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99132                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     315                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77698.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347810820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184835475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               704625180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 668160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1636769250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24048960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5178267600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        99543840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9381263685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.465988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11614848500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9375500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509845250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    259560250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133254750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11355308375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344804880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183268140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               695400300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1263240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1623651840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24253440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5214739050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        79762080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9372452010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.888829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11642836750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    207589000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104869750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11436145375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1482073                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1482073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            62024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1172660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  41156                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7035                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1172660                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            631842                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          540818                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19906                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     696337                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      49048                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       143041                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          860                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1232478                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5497                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1259162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4330112                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1482073                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            672998                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29116971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 127692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        45397                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1226981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6572                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30489567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.285606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.347614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28803385     94.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21009      0.07%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  609819      2.00%     96.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25454      0.08%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  121473      0.40%     97.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60019      0.20%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   80184      0.26%     97.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21891      0.07%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  746333      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30489567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.141810                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  619586                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28711958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   799023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               295154                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 63846                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7125544                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 63846                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  706630                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27502017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   931290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1273457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6836703                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                65559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                990136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                237407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8148349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19003693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8965593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            33960                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2850866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5297482                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           293                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1894745                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1230613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              72917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3259                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4382                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6498616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4606                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4640618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5213                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4125255                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8569886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4606                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30489567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.152203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.709595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28565258     93.69%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             775002      2.54%     96.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             407547      1.34%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             273648      0.90%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             278646      0.91%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              80098      0.26%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              68418      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              23604      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17346      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30489567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9089     66.14%     66.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  969      7.05%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3298     24.00%     97.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  232      1.69%     98.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              153      1.11%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               2      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17088      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3821911     82.36%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1293      0.03%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8450      0.18%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11979      0.26%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              724336     15.61%     98.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              52951      1.14%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2607      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             3      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4640618                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.151979                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13743                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002961                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39759260                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10599023                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4451424                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              30499                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             29454                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12951                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4621558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15715                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3986                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       781374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          183                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        48756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1301                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 63846                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25618585                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               257829                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6503222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1230613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               72917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1692                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58204                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        35950                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               70355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4559577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               696129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            81041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      745164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  543537                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     49035                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.149324                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4479982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4464375                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3278775                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5180317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.146207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632929                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4125916                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            63846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29904476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.079519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.516519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28862059     96.51%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       483760      1.62%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       114649      0.38%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       313659      1.05%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55679      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27390      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5097      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3782      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        38401      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29904476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1190095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2377965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        473399                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       449238                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    428739                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9664                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2368232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2885      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1886305     79.32%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            170      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6950      0.29%     79.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8256      0.35%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         447830     18.83%     98.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         24161      1.02%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1408      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2377965                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                38401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36369956                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13594243                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          45121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1190095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2377965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.657353                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.657353                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038975                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038975                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4542622                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3876654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23034                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11507                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2843427                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1221284                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2399141                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             291297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.239509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3083406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3083406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       270126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         270126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        23280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       293406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          293406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       293406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         293406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       417812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       417812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       418693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        418693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       418693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       418693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34817852500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34817852500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33755000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33755000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34851607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34851607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34851607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34851607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       687938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       687938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       712099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       712099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       712099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       712099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.607340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.587970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.587970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83333.778111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83333.778111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38314.415437                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38314.415437                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83239.049853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83239.049853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83239.049853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83239.049853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              895                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.273743                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19374720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19374720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32506500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32506500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19407226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19407226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19407226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19407226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036298                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036298                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82750.915078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82750.915078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37065.564424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37065.564424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82580.428492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82580.428492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82580.428492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82580.428492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4907924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4907924                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1226981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1226981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1226981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1226981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1226981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1226981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196131                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      268332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.368126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.844130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.155870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3953755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3953755                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         38241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             38241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                38887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    38887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               38887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   38887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24115000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24115000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18594728000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18594728000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18618843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18618843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18618843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18618843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234133                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234133                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263398                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.263398                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.836670                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.836670                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.834530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.834530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.834530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.834530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104393.939394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104393.939394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94923.365936                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94923.365936                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94934.520683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94934.520683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94934.520683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94934.520683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  370                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       370                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195892                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195892                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21805000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21805000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16635808000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16635808000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16657613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16657613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16657613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16657613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.836670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.834530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.834530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.834530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.834530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94393.939394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94393.939394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84923.365936                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84923.365936                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84934.520683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84934.520683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84934.520683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84934.520683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392240                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196124                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       588363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       588363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 588363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12575552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12575552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12575552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196123    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462223500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1059315250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       470020                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235012                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          572                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2493                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       705030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                705030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15176512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15176512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196131                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           431141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 430553     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    588      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             431141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352515000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
