
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2244299586375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18127519                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 33027117                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55577929                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   274.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4979657624                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9072600471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1120640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1120896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1076352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1076352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          73401110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              73417877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        70500278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             70500278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        70500278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         73401110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            143918155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17514                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16818                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16818                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1120768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1076672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1120896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1076352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15270115000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17514                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16818                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.695109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.143516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    50.698241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17553     71.66%     71.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5178     21.14%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1061      4.33%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          455      1.86%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          136      0.56%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           68      0.28%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           26      0.11%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           10      0.04%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            4      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.984600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.932051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.376192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                6      0.62%      0.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              183     18.79%     19.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              139     14.27%     33.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              303     31.11%     64.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              213     21.87%     86.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              100     10.27%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               25      2.57%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                5      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.272074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.242075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.011191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              362     37.17%     37.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      2.46%     39.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              549     56.37%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               39      4.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    483575000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               811925000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   87560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27613.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46363.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        73.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        70.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     73.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     70.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6223                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3611                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     444777.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 82581240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 43877790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                59761800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41932260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1033639140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             32332320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4316917800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1231791360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         92241780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8156913420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            534.271931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12915359750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27534750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     517034000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    240455000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3207738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1807415625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9467166750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 92355900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 49076940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                65273880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               45883800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216987200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1036587750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30468000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4526107230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1119433920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         34859340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8217327390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.229002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12914311000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19600500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     73268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2915444250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1818428625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9925598500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13248908                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13248908                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1375052                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11142953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1072022                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            192552                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11142953                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2683161                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8459792                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       900332                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6985320                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2395841                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        83977                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        16371                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6561425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2590                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7395785                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56601254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13248908                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3755183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21746396                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2752290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        16                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14706                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6558835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               318610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.032414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12121594     39.70%     39.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  530619      1.74%     41.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  885862      2.90%     44.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1351725      4.43%     48.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  605534      1.98%     50.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1150974      3.77%     54.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1005230      3.29%     57.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  499706      1.64%     59.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12382712     40.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433897                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.853671                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5595937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8327312                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13815420                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1419142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1376145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110397001                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1376145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6659675                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6965735                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        226209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13957519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1348673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103232817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                34675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                681802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                433942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          116046123                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255895665                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140589832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19304469                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48430907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67615200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             29942                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         32254                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3162069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9513400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3322574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           163610                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          165871                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89544547                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             216570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71263442                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           685220                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47939688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69207232                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        216460                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.333908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.599632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13327821     43.65%     43.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2198549      7.20%     50.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2721980      8.91%     59.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2310037      7.57%     67.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2357718      7.72%     75.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2243048      7.35%     82.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2657659      8.70%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1638396      5.37%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1078748      3.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1464011     92.89%     92.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                82996      5.27%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4249      0.27%     98.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1586      0.10%     98.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22948      1.46%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             317      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1838483      2.58%      2.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54157702     76.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2560      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                76309      0.11%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4966142      6.97%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5207579      7.31%     92.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2604675      3.65%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2408957      3.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1035      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71263442                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.333852                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1576107                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.022117                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160163793                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119733196                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60286265                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15158371                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17967864                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6725384                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63414785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7586281                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          226258                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5769954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3748                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1607337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3413                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1376145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6201602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10392                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89761117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9513400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3322574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             88244                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3691                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        420839                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1726437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68195267                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6949847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3068172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9344999                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6275577                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2395152                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.233370                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67568871                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67011649                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49546943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87936989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.194607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47939820                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1375982                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23259574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.798030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.422646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10787720     46.38%     46.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3020960     12.99%     59.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3396415     14.60%     73.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1862014      8.01%     81.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       965144      4.15%     86.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       761590      3.27%     89.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       324895      1.40%     90.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323000      1.39%     92.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1817836      7.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23259574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19056470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41821416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5458678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3743446                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4378950                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3092130                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39165008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              376418                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       710408      1.70%      1.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33266201     79.54%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            629      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           50600      0.12%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2334900      5.58%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2996914      7.17%     94.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1715232      4.10%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       746532      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41821416                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1817836                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111202974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186933263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             96                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19056470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41821416                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.602327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.602327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.624093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.624093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87350781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51504332                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10617547                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6337743                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36148111                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18011864                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22166293                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             538700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.161801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33593005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33593005                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6654732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6654732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1704973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1704973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8359705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8359705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8359705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8359705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        23076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        33588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         33588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        33588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        33588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1634450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1634450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    992813500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    992813500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2627263500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2627263500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2627263500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2627263500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6677808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6677808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1715485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1715485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8393293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8393293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8393293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8393293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70828.999827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70828.999827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94445.728691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94445.728691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78220.301894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78220.301894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78220.301894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78220.301894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    819228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    819228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    944252000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    944252000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1763480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1763480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83492.458214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83492.458214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94105.242177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94105.242177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88858.208203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88858.208203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88858.208203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88858.208203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.331996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             108854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           135.559153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.331996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26236156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26236156                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6558002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6558002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6558002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6558002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6558002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6558002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10891500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10891500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10891500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10891500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6558835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6558835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6558835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6558835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6558835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6558835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13075.030012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13075.030012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13075.030012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13075.030012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13075.030012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13075.030012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12238.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12238.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12238.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12238.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12238.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12238.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17518                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       18907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.079290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.681566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.046099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16352.272335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          912                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    347494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   347494                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17377                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17377                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          803                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              803                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            799                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                799                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9938                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9938                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7572                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7572                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    928244500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     928244500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       346000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       346000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    780419500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    780419500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1708664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1709010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1708664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1709010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17377                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17377                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          803                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          803                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10023                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10023                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          803                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            803                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                20636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               20636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.384615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991520                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991520                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.771865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.004981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.848711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.004981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.848711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93403.552023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93403.552023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103066.494982                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103066.494982                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97582.181611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97579.650565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97582.181611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97579.650565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7572                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7572                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       101500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    828864500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828864500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       306000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    704699500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    704699500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1533564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1533870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1533564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1533870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.384615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.848711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.848711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83403.552023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83403.552023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93066.494982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93066.494982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87582.181611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87579.650565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87582.181611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87579.650565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35026                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17514                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2197248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2197248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2197248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17519    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           106492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           95020250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        41298                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20635                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           64                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 61947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       102784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2381440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2484224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17531                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1077184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            38180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38106     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     74      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              38180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           38829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1224000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29756000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
