
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4442797140375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71051540                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                131778993                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              192135691                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    79.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5645842288                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10471322490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12348480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12348480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         808816511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             808816511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2255271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2255271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2255271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        808816511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            811071782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192945                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        538                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192945                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      538                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12343424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12348480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     79                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267315500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192945                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  538                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.319982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.427320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.842565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42640     43.86%     43.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43996     45.25%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9152      9.41%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1214      1.25%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          173      0.18%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5840.441176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5691.525330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1366.484922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            4     11.76%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            7     20.59%     38.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3      8.82%     47.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3      8.82%     55.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            8     23.53%     79.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      2.94%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      2.94%     91.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      5.88%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      2.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.117647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.111240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.477665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               32     94.12%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      5.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4783222750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8399460250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  964330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24800.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43550.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       808.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    808.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95718                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     472                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78907.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349938540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186000540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               690445140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1487700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1628358900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24261120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5225058900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        67100160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9377960040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.249601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11633587250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    174749000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115000750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11458890375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344240820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182953155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               686618100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1372860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1610861040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24452640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5199495540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103170720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9357859275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.933016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11670672000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9445000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    268840750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11402870375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1642448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1642448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            77915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  58674                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9672                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327541                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            676038                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          651503                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28471                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     788599                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      69064                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149836                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1264                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1312742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7402                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1347930                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4946230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1642448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            734712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28972252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 160838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62016                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1305340                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9410                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30467412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.327518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.445584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28581076     93.81%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   28401      0.09%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  623939      2.05%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   34103      0.11%     96.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  135459      0.44%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   82290      0.27%     96.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89711      0.29%     97.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30979      0.10%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  861454      2.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30467412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  698923                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28441084                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   933226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               313760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 80419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8177825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 80419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  800797                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27148228                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1067012                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1354882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7812663                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                89292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1008656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                293052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9293748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21486640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10397914                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            44732                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3153523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6140268                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           346                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1978169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1362514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             102325                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6345                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6678                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7356141                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6741                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5315155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4735619                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9387284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6741                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30467412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.174454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.772908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28343416     93.03%     93.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             823523      2.70%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             439851      1.44%     97.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             301609      0.99%     98.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             310173      1.02%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             105179      0.35%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              87841      0.29%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33090      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22730      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30467412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13929     69.14%     69.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1350      6.70%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4376     21.72%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  346      1.72%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              143      0.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               1      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            23379      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4357321     81.98%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1742      0.03%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12428      0.23%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16898      0.32%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              825602     15.53%     98.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74540      1.40%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3241      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             4      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5315155                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.174069                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20145                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41083279                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12061499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5069271                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              41982                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             37006                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18424                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5290283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21638                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       881784                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          168                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        66400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           61                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1150                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 80419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24847757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               283462                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7362882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1362514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              102325                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2446                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                84037                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40426                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        49624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               90050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5202746                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               788247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           112409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      857295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  609939                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     69048                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.170388                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5110317                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5087695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3744379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5953978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.166620                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628887                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4736540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            80417                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29781361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.556014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28663464     96.25%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       508440      1.71%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125491      0.42%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       328061      1.10%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62238      0.21%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31591      0.11%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7296      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5226      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        49554      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29781361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1315431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2627302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        516661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       480736                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    459504                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14386                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2612738                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4350      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2083195     79.29%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            254      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10542      0.40%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12300      0.47%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         478650     18.22%     98.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         35925      1.37%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2086      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2627302                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                49554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37095649                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15415884                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          67276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1315431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2627302                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.212687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.212687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5356886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4417824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    32600                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16283                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3159547                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1412851                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2677246                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             373645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.537881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3496793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3496793                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        34923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       378040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          378040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       378040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         378040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       434416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       434416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       435418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        435418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       435418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       435418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34844967500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34844967500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45819500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45819500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34890787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34890787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34890787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34890787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       777533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        35925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       813458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       813458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       813458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       813458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.558711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.558711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.535268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.535268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.535268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.535268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80211.059215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80211.059215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45728.043912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45728.043912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80131.705625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80131.705625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80131.705625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80131.705625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21570                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.894358                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       192450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       192457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       192457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19229438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19229438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44299500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44299500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19273737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19273737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19273737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19273737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79471.653042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79471.653042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44522.110553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44522.110553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79328.523919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79328.523919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79328.523919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79328.523919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5221360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5221360                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1305340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1305340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1305340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1305340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1305340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1305340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1305340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1305340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1305340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1305340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1305340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1305340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192957                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      292952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.518224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.669987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.330013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4078165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4078165                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               649                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   649                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         49365                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             49365                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                50014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    50014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               50014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   50014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35799000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35799000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18318817000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18318817000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18354616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18354616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18354616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18354616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241965                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241965                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348394                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.348394                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.795983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.794148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.794148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.794148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.794148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103167.146974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103167.146974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95113.276220                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95113.276220                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95127.760473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95127.760473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95127.760473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95127.760473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32329000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32329000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16392817000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16392817000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16425146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16425146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16425146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16425146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.794148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.794148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.794148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.794148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93167.146974                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93167.146974                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85113.276220                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85113.276220                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85127.760473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.760473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85127.760473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.760473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385887                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192948                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       578834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       578834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12383040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12383040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12383040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192945    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           454778500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1043215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       485922                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242959                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          522                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          433098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       728883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                728883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15695552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15695552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192957                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           435918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 435380     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    538      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             435918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          245243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         364441500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
