
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               213742817750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1356116                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2554306                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42743555                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   357.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   484383739                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     912359164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             252416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       214400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          214400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16533065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16533065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14043045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14043045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14043045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16533065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30576110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3944                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3350                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 252416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  214336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  252416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               214400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264609500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3944                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3350                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.140963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.762387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.523667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4014     88.69%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          183      4.04%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           98      2.17%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           60      1.33%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      0.99%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.82%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      0.77%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.57%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.096257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.839483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.681009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             3      1.60%      1.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            51     27.27%     28.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            84     44.92%     73.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            24     12.83%     86.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             8      4.28%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             8      4.28%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      1.07%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.60%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.53%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             2      1.07%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.909091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.904056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.411230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                8      4.28%      4.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.53%      4.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              178     95.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    287881500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               361831500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     72992.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                91742.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2722                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2092762.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 11838120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6292110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                10410120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7031340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         884466960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            342295260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             38447040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2010472080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1713262080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1443702960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6469292670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            423.733992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14413859375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64067750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     375472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5543637750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4461649625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     413500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4409016250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 20470380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10884060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                17750040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10450440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1203465120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            448836240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             49882560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3243413430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2018738400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        561668880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7586992950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            496.942552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14150083875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     82654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510452750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1780255000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5257039750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     524152750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7112789125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13299352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13299352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1079585                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11093966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 989433                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            208549                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11093966                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3634129                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7459837                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       780003                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9996096                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7530228                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133494                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        47935                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8977592                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17494                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9693762                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59952890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13299352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4623562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19663994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2180220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        77288                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8960098                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               263456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.755846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.578159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12268734     40.18%     40.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  855898      2.80%     42.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1250464      4.10%     47.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1428000      4.68%     51.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1128400      3.70%     55.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1113336      3.65%     59.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1033166      3.38%     62.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  888887      2.91%     65.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10567530     34.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.435549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.963435                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8612269                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4177786                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15709206                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               945044                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1090110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109090627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1090110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9381155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3279589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24261                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15820406                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               938894                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103983586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 65598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    74                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                817532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110557552                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261696359                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156204837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3177025                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68904203                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41653371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1625                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   910488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11904338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8945338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           496106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          202078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93688772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              67869                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83585347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           473518                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29281806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42499610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         67845                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.737414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.524512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9722692     31.84%     31.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2833505      9.28%     41.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3089814     10.12%     51.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3121008     10.22%     61.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3164376     10.36%     71.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2792341      9.14%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3118201     10.21%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1659049      5.43%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1033429      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 819569     73.81%     73.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14416      1.30%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100792      9.08%     84.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85368      7.69%     91.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              608      0.05%     91.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           89607      8.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           509638      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63338393     75.78%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76023      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87174      0.10%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1165729      1.39%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10143246     12.14%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7586467      9.08%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         393773      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        284904      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83585347                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.737390                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1110360                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195338942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119954482                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78078347                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3950050                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3085078                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1786224                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82193358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1992711                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1262816                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4182891                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10545                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2913                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2626783                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1090110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3314888                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93756641                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11904338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8945338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  821                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2913                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        300049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1434965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81004924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9989430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2580428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17511820                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8779426                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7522390                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.652882                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80467373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79864571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55776724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87394997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.615536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29282205                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1089402                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26135589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.466937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.741467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9278623     35.50%     35.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3793816     14.52%     50.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2644988     10.12%     60.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3579021     13.69%     73.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1132664      4.33%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1143173      4.37%     82.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       813538      3.11%     85.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471876      1.81%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3277890     12.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26135589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34043786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64474856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14040006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7721448                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7501109                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1312436                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63488972                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              466082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       261382      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49051000     76.08%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54680      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76384      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        991404      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7444090     11.55%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6318558      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       277358      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64474856                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3277890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116614760                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191998935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             28                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34043786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64474856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.896924                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.896924                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.114922                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.114922                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117120805                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62581099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2516632                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1241925                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40771881                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21351129                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35588484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             842840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           141.511081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59693244                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59693244                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8594025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8594025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6318382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6318382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14912407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14912407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14912407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14912407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         6056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         9415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          9415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         9415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         9415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    276788500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276788500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    450686000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    450686000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    727474500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    727474500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    727474500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    727474500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8600081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8600081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6321741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6321741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14921822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14921822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14921822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14921822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45704.838177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45704.838177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 134172.670438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134172.670438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77267.604886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77267.604886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77267.604886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77267.604886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    151503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    442865500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442865500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    594369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    594369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    594369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    594369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57474.772382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57474.772382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133353.056308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133353.056308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99776.565385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99776.565385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99776.565385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99776.565385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             370886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           681.775735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35840937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35840937                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8959538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8959538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8959538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8959538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8959538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8959538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7176500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7176500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7176500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7176500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7176500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7176500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8960098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8960098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8960098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8960098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8960098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8960098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12815.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12815.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12815.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12815.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12815.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12815.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6533500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6533500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11988.073394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11988.073394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11988.073394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11988.073394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11988.073394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11988.073394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3945                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.308492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       41.624692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               25                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16317.375308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    107793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   107793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          544                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              544                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            544                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                544                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2002                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2002                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2012                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    437747500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     437747500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    126319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    126319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    564066500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        564066500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    564066500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       564066500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          544                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          544                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          544                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            544                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2636                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2636                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.240516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.662189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.606769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.662189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.606769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       132250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       132250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 199241.324921                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199241.324921                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143018.889452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143018.889452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143018.889452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143018.889452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3350                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3350                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           23                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            23                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    404647500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404647500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119979000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119979000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    524626500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    524626500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    524626500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    524626500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.606769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.606769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       122250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       122250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 189241.324921                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189241.324921                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133018.889452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133018.889452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133018.889452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133018.889452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7897                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3953                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       466816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       466816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  466816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3945    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21780500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13002                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6500                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           22                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3181                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2636                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       666816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 736448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3946                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    214464                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.060204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10409     99.64%     99.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     38      0.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            818498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8934500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
