
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2595448501250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               43380641                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 80208822                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              122107890                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   125.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5423949904                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10028636164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        8598656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            8622336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3054656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3054656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          134354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              134724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         47729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              47729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1551023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         563205750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             564756773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1551023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1551023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       200077759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            200077759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       200077759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1551023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        563205750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            764834532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      134724                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      47729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    134724                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    47729                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8622144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3054016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 8622336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3054656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              8552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             8322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             8339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             8279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15275505500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                134724                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                47729                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  118520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   16052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        20155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    579.270652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   376.670774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   402.521753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4018     19.94%     19.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2020     10.02%     29.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2079     10.32%     40.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1261      6.26%     46.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          897      4.45%     50.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          882      4.38%     55.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          959      4.76%     60.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          634      3.15%     63.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7405     36.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        20155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.681233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.940068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    247.895078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          2913     98.68%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      0.20%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.03%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            4      0.14%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.03%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.03%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            3      0.10%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      0.07%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           19      0.64%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.164973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.154680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.601776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2735     92.65%     92.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.10%     92.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              163      5.52%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               46      1.56%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1976491500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4502510250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  673605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14671.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33421.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       564.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       200.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    564.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    200.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   119478                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   42802                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83722.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 73941840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 39297225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               483485100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              126684180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1021531680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1217277180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             58906080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3650638530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       567587040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        758893605                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7998389280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            523.888714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12442892625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     57291500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     432660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2960270375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1478099750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2333110000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8005912500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 70000560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 37191000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               478422840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              122409000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         950848080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1189863030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             48357120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3514190790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       401826240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        949502580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7762611240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            508.445423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12532342625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41046500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     402700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3779086250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1046504625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2291151500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7706855250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6113146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6113146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           203237                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3916497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 196398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             22194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3916497                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2552555                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1363942                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        84065                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3135038                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1829617                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        23153                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3794                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2021248                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          675                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2123600                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      24962457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6113146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2748953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28178020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 407176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4801                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2020600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                38340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30510218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.528466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.901097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22845720     74.88%     74.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  532683      1.75%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  312438      1.02%     77.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  433377      1.42%     79.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1185163      3.88%     82.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  389269      1.28%     84.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  398360      1.31%     85.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  206668      0.68%     86.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4206540     13.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30510218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.200203                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.817511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 2113042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             21639222                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  5663334                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               891032                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                203588                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              44595597                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                203588                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2507468                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6328882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6104033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             15346083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              43518653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                18592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1719630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               9141435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               5765731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           55114549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            108612698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        61985513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           533569                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             42922279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12192213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               666                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3972991                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3525306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1939322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           102973                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           86887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  41416958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              14969                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38199858                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           529291                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7715289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11635181                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         14705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30510218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.252035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.235921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           21295287     69.80%     69.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1487904      4.88%     74.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1336732      4.38%     79.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             877637      2.88%     81.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1089270      3.57%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             973946      3.19%     88.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2167617      7.10%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1081533      3.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             200292      0.66%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30510218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2074480     98.63%     98.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     98.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     98.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 8573      0.41%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 10585      0.50%     99.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2470      0.12%     99.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              974      0.05%     99.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            6237      0.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           106238      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             32800749     85.87%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5885      0.02%     86.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                82631      0.22%     86.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             126109      0.33%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3205397      8.39%     95.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1633594      4.28%     99.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          23424      0.06%     99.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        215831      0.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38199858                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.251032                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2103319                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.055061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         108788724                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         48688376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37274016                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             753813                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            458996                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       355908                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              39813490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 383449                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          171664                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       778451                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1594                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          178                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          678                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          282                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                203588                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1159913                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4559238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           41431927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3525306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1939322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              5439                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4551698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           178                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         65229                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       179114                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              244343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             37820197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3131274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           379654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4960069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4721039                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1828795                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.238598                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      37720603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     37629924                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 28422528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 45787329                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.232366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7716648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           203474                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29416907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.146164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.380069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21590288     73.39%     73.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1831636      6.23%     79.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       583762      1.98%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1653742      5.62%     87.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       610093      2.07%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       418967      1.42%     90.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       236974      0.81%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       132400      0.45%     91.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2359045      8.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29416907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18367453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              33716597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4487813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2746850                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4395646                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    336772                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33556165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               96388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        69133      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        28976368     85.94%     86.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5049      0.01%     86.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74052      0.22%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        104182      0.31%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2730750      8.10%     94.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1526524      4.53%     99.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        16100      0.05%     99.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       214439      0.64%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         33716597                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2359045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    68491107                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   83968519                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24470                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18367453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33716597                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.662435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.662435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.601527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.601527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                52780404                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               31111436                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   460039                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  125157                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 24326714                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                16667253                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               14705577                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           148643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5672164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           148643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            38.159644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18877947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18877947                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2839082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2839082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1678066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1678066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4517148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4517148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4517148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4517148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       101512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       101512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        63666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        63666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       165178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        165178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       165178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       165178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7236870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7236870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5239077995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5239077995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12475947995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12475947995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12475947995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12475947995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2940594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2940594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1741732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4682326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4682326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4682326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4682326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036553                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036553                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71290.783356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71290.783356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82290.044843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82290.044843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75530.324831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75530.324831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75530.324831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75530.324831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7464                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.238095                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        71962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            71962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        84991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        84991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        63653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       148644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       148644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       148644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       148644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6519811500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6519811500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5174757996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5174757996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11694569496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11694569496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11694569496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11694569496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036546                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036546                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76711.787130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76711.787130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81296.372457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81296.372457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78675.018810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78675.018810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78675.018810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78675.018810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              434                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.200555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          126281106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         290970.290323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.200555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8082835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8082835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2020069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2020069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2020069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2020069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2020069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2020069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2020600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2020600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2020600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2020600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2020600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2020600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92387.947269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92387.947269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92387.947269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92387.947269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92387.947269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92387.947269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90779.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90779.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    135125                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      152211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    135125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.126446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       41.369780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.762552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.867668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2520325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2520325                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        71962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            71962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          434                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              434                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              4385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          9904                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              9904                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                14289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    14352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               14289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   14352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           59267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               59267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              370                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        75087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           75087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             134354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 134724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            134354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                134724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5033172500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    5033172500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     38159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6286771000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   6286771000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38159500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11319943500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      11358103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38159500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11319943500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     11358103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        71962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        71962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          434                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          434                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         63652                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             63652                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          433                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            433                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        84991                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         84991                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           148643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               149076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          148643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              149076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.931110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.931110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.854503                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.854503                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.883470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.854503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.903870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.903727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.854503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.903870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.903727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84923.692780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84923.692780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103133.783784                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103133.783784                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83726.490604                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83726.490604                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103133.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84254.607232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84306.456162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103133.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84254.607232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84306.456162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                47729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     47729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        59267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          59267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75087                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        75087                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        134354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            134724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       134354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           134724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4440502500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4440502500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34459500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34459500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5535901000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5535901000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34459500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9976403500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10010863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9976403500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10010863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.931110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.854503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.854503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.854503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.903870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.903727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.854503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.903870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.903727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74923.692780                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74923.692780                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93133.783784                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93133.783784                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73726.490604                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73726.490604                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93133.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74254.607232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74306.456162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93133.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74254.607232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74306.456162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        269476                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       134752                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        47729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            87023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             59267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            59267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         75457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       404200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       404200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 404200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11676992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11676992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11676992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            134724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  134724    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              134724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464140500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          712591250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       298155                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       149076                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           53                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            391                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          391                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             85426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       119691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          164077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            63652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           63652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        84991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       445929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                447231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14118720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14174208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          135127                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   3054784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           284203                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 283760     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    443      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             284203                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          221473500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            652999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         222964500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
