
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2122160833375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               17977931                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 32559583                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57442915                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   265.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4778226083                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8653780030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         913984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             913984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       854720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          854720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          59865291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59865291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        55983542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             55983542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        55983542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         59865291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            115848833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14281                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13355                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13355                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 913984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  854400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  913984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               854720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267231000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14281                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13355                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    297.585998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.672496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   289.769582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2335     39.30%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          805     13.55%     52.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          572      9.63%     62.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1469     24.72%     87.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           48      0.81%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      0.96%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           53      0.89%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          113      1.90%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          490      8.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.188172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.495524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      9.969648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           732     98.39%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             3      0.40%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             1      0.13%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             1      0.13%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             1      0.13%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.13%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.13%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.13%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.943548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.940258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.331458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21      2.82%      2.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              723     97.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    340372000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               608140750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23833.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42583.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        55.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     55.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10389                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     552439.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 26646480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 14159145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                52236240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               37218600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1282139040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            792113040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             57707520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3708011880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1469324160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        523520100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7963106265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            521.577702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13378992750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     96419500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     544358000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1421930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3826367750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1246507250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8131761625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15786540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8390745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                49730100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               32468400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         952077360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            462305910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44299680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3219360000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       842911200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1300056480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6927623145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            453.754306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14131198750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     69108000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     404150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4882529000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2195195375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     656612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7059749750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5258696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5258696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           106426                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4217094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 731330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4217094                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2530397                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1686697                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8926281                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2104160                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          230                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6270003                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6324111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46362952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5258696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3261727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24104048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 213058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6270003                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                52398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.653867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.366819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16776395     54.94%     54.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  727487      2.38%     57.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1659816      5.44%     62.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  670877      2.20%     64.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  991382      3.25%     68.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1552611      5.08%     73.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  571015      1.87%     75.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  860277      2.82%     77.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6724828     22.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.172220                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.518370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4102918                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15802868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6150368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4372005                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                106529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77558717                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                106529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5822010                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5638124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8744519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10223506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              77061934                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               210429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9140160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           82879098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            183079543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60312450                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         75032174                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70671465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12207632                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23477430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9506557                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2106404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           426764                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          185220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76406316                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70860186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10352930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14926704                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.320645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.958222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6300321     20.63%     20.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6137566     20.10%     40.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5669294     18.57%     59.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4849338     15.88%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2987399      9.78%     84.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1971230      6.46%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1616481      5.29%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             693086      2.27%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             309973      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     18      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               103204     99.81%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   182      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6255      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36861648     52.02%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           22986465     32.44%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1963821      2.77%     87.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1476017      2.08%     89.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6937257      9.79%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        628723      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70860186                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.320645                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     103404                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001459                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97606263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37488914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33474196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74752205                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          49270435                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37181807                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33529622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37427713                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          420498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1373942                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                106529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3274678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               113986                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76406316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9506557                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2106404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                100489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         58118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        48315                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              106433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70664595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8899993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           195595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    11004153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4725794                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2104160                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.314240                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70660331                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70656003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52608664                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92623404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.313959                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.567985                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10352930                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           106426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29210418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.261296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.863674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10917211     37.37%     37.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7536780     25.80%     63.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058574      3.62%     66.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2917897      9.99%     76.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1143293      3.91%     80.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217574      0.74%     81.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       421933      1.44%     82.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       524110      1.79%     84.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4473046     15.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29210418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37204945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66053397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10235412                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8132622                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4621820                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  34154544                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 41005829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              628707                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6003      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34333708     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21478274     32.52%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1953616      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1474078      2.23%     89.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6179006      9.35%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       628712      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66053397                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4473046                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   101143699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  154136938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37204945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66053397                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.820716                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.820716                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.218449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.218449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56271546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28623471                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64819488                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33313314                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20661720                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13439824                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24163820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1083902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.818551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          701                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42448588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42448588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8491423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8491423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2102790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2102790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10594213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10594213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10594213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10594213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1378362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1378362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1378362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1378362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1378362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1378362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8505783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8505783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2102790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2102790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10608573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10608573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10608573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10608573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95986.211699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95986.211699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95986.211699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95986.211699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95986.211699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95986.211699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1359210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1359210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1359210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1359210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1359210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1359210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95076.280078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95076.280078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95076.280078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95076.280078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95076.280078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95076.280078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25080012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25080012                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6270003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6270003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6270003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6270003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6270003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6270003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6270003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6270003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6270003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6270003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6270003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6270003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14281                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.003851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    243017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   243017                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13468                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13468                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14281                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14281                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1337603000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1337603000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1337603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1337603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1337603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1337603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13468                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13468                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14296                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14296                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.998951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.998951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93663.118829                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93663.118829                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93663.118829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93663.118829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93663.118829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93663.118829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13355                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13355                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14281                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14281                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1194793000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194793000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1194793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1194793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83663.118829                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83663.118829                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83663.118829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83663.118829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83663.118829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83663.118829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28563                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14282                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1768704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1768704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1768704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14281    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            85598500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76059750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28592                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14296                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 42888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1776896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1776896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    854720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28576    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
