
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9465753357500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              104440146                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                194661196                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              264342640                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    57.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6032031640                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11242828766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12632512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12632512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         827420401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             827420401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1245010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1245010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1245010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        827420401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            828665411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197382                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        297                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197382                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      297                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12630080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12632448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267342000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197382                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  297                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.254273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.813999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.077469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40867     42.08%     42.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44734     46.06%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9914     10.21%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1407      1.45%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          167      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10616.421053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10444.085457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1886.951225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      5.26%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.26%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.26%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2     10.53%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.26%     31.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     10.53%     42.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     10.53%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.26%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.26%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     10.53%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            3     15.79%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4870670500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8570889250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  986725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24680.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43430.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       827.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    827.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100278                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     259                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77233.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348203520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185093535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707980980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 548100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1642770780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23889600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5213297520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        65285280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9392378355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.193990                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11602004750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9270000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509727250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    170256500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3146342125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11431748250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345176160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183492045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               701076600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1038780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1629200220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24460800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183172450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       101464320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9374390415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.015793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11631545875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    264405750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3116578250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367140125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1447939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1447939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            56383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1099059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33377                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1099059                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            627976                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          471083                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        16576                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     662026                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      36477                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140131                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          645                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1234798                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4467                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1258530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4132757                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1447939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            661353                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29118807                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 115604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        40226                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1230331                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5499                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30479190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.271937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.313368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28850980     94.66%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16583      0.05%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  626589      2.06%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18951      0.06%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  114486      0.38%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   47646      0.16%     97.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74659      0.24%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16700      0.05%     97.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  712596      2.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30479190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047419                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.135346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  602773                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28771041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   760068                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               287506                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 57802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6773958                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 57802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  683601                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27598280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   890951                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1238062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6509061                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                57486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                971199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                220895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7770970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18230259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8444951                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            26899                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2742601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5028463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               261                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1857397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1204093                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              52362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6211519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2627                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4378444                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3925406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8455261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2627                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30479190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.143654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.684023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28641637     93.97%     93.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             745694      2.45%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             389929      1.28%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             263172      0.86%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             275295      0.90%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              68412      0.22%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              60823      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18626      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15602      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30479190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7376     65.07%     65.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  823      7.26%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2851     25.15%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  188      1.66%     99.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               68      0.60%     99.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              29      0.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13784      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3619293     82.66%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 501      0.01%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6677      0.15%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10210      0.23%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              687194     15.69%     99.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              38980      0.89%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1695      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           110      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4378444                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.143392                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11335                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002589                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39226591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10116622                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4211703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              25126                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22934                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11072                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4363057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12938                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       763236                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        33141                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1353                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 57802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25932957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               258054                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6214146                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1204093                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               52362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58711                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               63103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4310431                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               661874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            68007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      698335                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  515920                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     36461                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.141165                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4235249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4222775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3117603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4884718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.138294                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3926085                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            57799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29929104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.076475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.503099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28916065     96.62%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       475073      1.59%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109039      0.36%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304877      1.02%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        54634      0.18%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27110      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4073      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3348      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34885      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29929104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1145545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2288822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        460097                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       440877                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    418330                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7710                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2281045                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2311      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1814113     79.26%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            136      0.01%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5577      0.24%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6588      0.29%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         439755     19.21%     99.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19220      0.84%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1122      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2288822                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34885                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36109126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12980947                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1145545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2288822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.655163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.655163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037516                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037516                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4178331                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3673248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19698                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9747                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2732092                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1143216                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2303295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           233689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             257225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           233689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.100715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2931561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2931561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       240844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         240844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       259277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          259277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       259277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         259277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       414405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       414405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       415191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        415191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       415191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       415191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34840149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34840149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27190999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27190999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34867339999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34867339999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34867339999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34867339999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       655249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       655249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       674468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       674468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       674468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       674468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.632439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.632439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.615583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.615583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84072.704239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84072.704239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34594.146310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34594.146310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83979.036152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83979.036152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83979.036152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83979.036152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19711                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1030                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.136893                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19491534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19491534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25864499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25864499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19517398499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19517398499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19517398499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19517398499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.355454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040481                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040481                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83686.618494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83686.618494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33244.857326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33244.857326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83518.687225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83518.687225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83518.687225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83518.687225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4921324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4921324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1230331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1230331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1230331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1230331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1230331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1230331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1230331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1230331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1230331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197386                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      270673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.371288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.960463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.039537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11099                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3934002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3934002                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               595                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   595                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         35712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             35712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18739925000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18739925000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18758083500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18758083500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18758083500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18758083500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       232911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        232911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           233689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               233689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          233689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              233689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.235219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.846671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.844635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.844635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.844635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.844635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99226.775956                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99226.775956                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95030.527538                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95030.527538                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95034.418032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95034.418032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95034.418032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95034.418032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  297                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       297                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197199                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197199                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16338500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16338500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16767915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16767915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16784253500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16784253500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16784253500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16784253500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.844635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.844635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89281.420765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89281.420765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85030.426118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85030.426118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85034.367369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85034.367369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85034.367369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85034.367369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394759                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12651520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12651520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12651520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197382    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465236500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1065808750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       467378                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       233694                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       232911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       701067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                701067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15085312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15085312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197386                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           431075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 430523     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    552      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             431075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          235708000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         350533500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
