
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10381794005000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               35682794                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 66617549                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               88712950                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   172.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6140945265                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11464762800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11785088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11820288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        35200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         35200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4032320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4032320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          184142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              184692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         63005                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              63005                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2305575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         771914742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             774220316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2305575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2305575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       264114044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            264114044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       264114044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2305575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        771914742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1038334361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      184692                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      63005                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    184692                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    63005                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11819904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4032704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11820288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4032320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              4112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              4148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              4060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              4091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             4007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             4045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267041000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                184692                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                63005                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  133812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   17510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   17104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   16240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    708.231594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   526.073095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   382.428964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2150      9.61%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2220      9.92%     19.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2028      9.06%     28.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          725      3.24%     31.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1427      6.38%     38.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          507      2.27%     40.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          778      3.48%     43.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          809      3.61%     47.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11740     52.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      56.437977                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.411969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1764.072199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         3932     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.017031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.015338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.252049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3913     99.47%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.23%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.13%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.08%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2657726000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6120588500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  923430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14390.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33140.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       774.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       264.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    774.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    264.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   168087                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   57227                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      61635.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 79168320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 42078960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               659050560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              164304720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         899218320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1282523370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55122240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3176148300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       336017760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1118314380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7811955630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            511.677445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12310885375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47965250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     380986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4470938750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    875079000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2527478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6964897125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 80646300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 42868320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               659607480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              164612700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         920730720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1298229150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             55321440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3265441650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       353167200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1052208780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7892833740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            516.974902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12261756125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45767250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     390080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4195526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    919688500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2554833750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7161448625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3822891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3822891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             4892                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3244117                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 382021                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               641                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3244117                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1978425                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1265692                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3306                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4554064                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1998466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         2167                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1399                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1764175                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          142                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   36                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1788361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      16367640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3822891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2360446                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28695168                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  10142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  74                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          478                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1764092                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1613                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30489171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.137251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.606116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25101446     82.33%     82.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   60643      0.20%     82.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  240611      0.79%     83.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  531605      1.74%     85.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  327365      1.07%     86.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  479865      1.57%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  455189      1.49%     89.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  242328      0.79%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3050119     10.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30489171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.125198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.536034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1758030                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23948848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3163259                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1613963                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  5071                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              34628813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  5071                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2306721                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6928094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4200682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             17041560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              34605347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1192373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               1690396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              13709805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           42954669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             89944154                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        52950927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          1492106                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             42748965                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  205925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               108                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7322416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4220859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2004173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           118575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  34563035                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34801952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1498                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         136250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       195054                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30489171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.141453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.107279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           21858130     71.69%     71.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             971005      3.18%     74.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1226746      4.02%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1507744      4.95%     83.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1543377      5.06%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1450850      4.76%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             729838      2.39%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             564411      1.85%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             637070      2.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30489171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 335732     61.61%     61.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     61.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     61.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                54399      9.98%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 99026     18.17%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                54257      9.96%     99.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1370      0.25%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             179      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           273496      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             26523299     76.21%     77.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  76      0.00%     77.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               812359      2.33%     79.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             691178      1.99%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4370235     12.56%     93.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1944017      5.59%     99.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         131767      0.38%     99.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         55525      0.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              34801952                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.139751                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     544963                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.015659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          98807953                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33798625                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33611655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1831583                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            901262                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       886686                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              34129683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 943736                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          435074                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18555                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       287295                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  5071                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                5372445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1380094                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           34563497                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4220859                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2004173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 52742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1300204                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1535                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4627                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                6162                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             34790835                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4499817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            11117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6498265                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3802533                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1998448                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.139387                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      34500594                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34498341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 26264236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 50985678                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.129808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.515130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         136427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             36                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             4958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30467709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.129964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.418497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22830596     74.93%     74.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1609081      5.28%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1087354      3.57%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1060194      3.48%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       152306      0.50%     87.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       811474      2.66%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137969      0.45%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       261240      0.86%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517495      8.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30467709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            16233219                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              34427419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       6196966                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4202323                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3797008                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    883914                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33566847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              379934                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       272212      0.79%      0.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        26456199     76.85%     77.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             59      0.00%     77.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          812295      2.36%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        689688      2.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4071802     11.83%     93.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1939546      5.63%     99.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       130521      0.38%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55097      0.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         34427419                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2517495                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    62514060                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   69149350                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          45518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   16233219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34427419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.881000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.881000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.531632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.531632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                53357231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29544837                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  1478823                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  722394                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 22332958                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                12564296                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13350590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           184305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12089250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           184305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            65.593717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23487989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23487989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3656874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3656874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1915841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1915841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5572715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5572715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5572715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5572715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       174427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       174427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        78779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        78779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       253206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        253206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       253206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       253206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13407162500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13407162500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6969958998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6969958998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20377121498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20377121498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20377121498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20377121498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3831301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3831301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1994620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1994620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5825921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5825921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5825921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5825921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039496                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039496                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76864.031945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76864.031945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88474.834639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88474.834639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80476.455921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80476.455921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80476.455921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80476.455921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2556915                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67385                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.944869                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        78013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            78013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        68889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        68889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        68895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        68895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        68895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        68895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       105538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        78773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        78773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       184311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       184311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8835591500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8835591500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6890861999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6890861999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15726453499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15726453499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15726453499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15726453499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83719.527564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83719.527564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87477.460539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87477.460539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85325.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85325.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85325.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85325.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.802633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          154388445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         226708.436123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.802633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7057056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7057056                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1763197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1763197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1763197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1763197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1763197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1763197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     82302500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82302500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     82302500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82302500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     82302500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82302500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1764092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1764092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1764092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1764092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1764092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1764092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91958.100559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91958.100559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91958.100559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91958.100559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91958.100559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91958.100559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          379                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   126.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     62358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     62358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     62358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90637.354651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90637.354651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90637.354651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90637.354651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90637.354651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90637.354651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    185316                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      184891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    185316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       49.057889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        43.983623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16290.958488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3144924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3144924                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        78013                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            78013                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          679                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              679                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            136                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                136                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 136                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 163                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           78715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               78715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          550                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              550                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       105427                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          105427                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             184142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 184692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            184142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                184692                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       118500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       118500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6771987000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    6771987000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     59876000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     59876000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8676063500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8676063500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     59876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15448050500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15507926500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     59876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15448050500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15507926500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        78013                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        78013                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          679                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          679                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         78767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             78767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          686                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            686                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       105538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        105538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           184305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               184991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          184305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              184991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999340                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999340                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.801749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.801749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998948                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998948                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.801749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.801749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86031.722035                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86031.722035                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108865.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108865.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82294.511842                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82294.511842                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108865.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83892.053415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83966.422476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108865.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83892.053415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83966.422476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                63005                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     63005                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        78715                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          78715                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          550                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          550                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       105427                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       105427                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        184142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            184692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           184692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        78500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5984847000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5984847000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54376000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54376000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7621783500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7621783500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13606630500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13661006500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13606630500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13661006500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.801749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.801749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.801749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19625                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19625                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76031.849076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76031.849076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98865.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98865.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72294.416990                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72294.416990                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98865.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73892.053415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73966.422476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98865.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73892.053415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73966.422476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        369549                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       184884                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             105978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        63005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           121848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             78715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            78715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        105977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       554242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       554242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 554242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15852672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     15852672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15852672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            184696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  184696    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              184696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           628544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          960860750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       369985                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       184984                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           86                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            502                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          502                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            106227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       141018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          228603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            78767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           78766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       105538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       552927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                554982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16788352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16875840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          185318                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   4032448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           370315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 369731     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    584      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             370315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          263686500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1032499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         276460999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
