
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2992399448500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              104770918                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                193942676                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              290504618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5506188375                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10192571641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11763072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11763200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        69376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           69376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         770472710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             770481094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4544078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4544078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4544078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        770472710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            775025172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1084                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1084                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11752832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   68992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11763200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                69376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    162                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267335500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1084                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.690985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.721923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.779436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46504     47.87%     47.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41329     42.55%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8110      8.35%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1002      1.03%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          135      0.14%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           67                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2740.552239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2674.906291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    607.654464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            3      4.48%      4.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            5      7.46%     11.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           10     14.93%     26.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           12     17.91%     44.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            8     11.94%     56.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8     11.94%     68.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           11     16.42%     85.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      5.97%     91.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      2.99%     94.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      4.48%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            67                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           67                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.089552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.084605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.416746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               64     95.52%     95.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      4.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            67                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4587453500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8030666000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  918190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24980.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43730.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       769.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    770.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    86658                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     909                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82577.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348931800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185431290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               664248480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1482480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1598469810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24676320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5204265300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       109364640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9341564520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.865721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11697569125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    284982375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3050097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11413004500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344712060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183218805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               646926840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4144680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1569691650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24683040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5245641030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98749440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9323076585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.654775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11761372875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    257153500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2986553250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11504266125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1963693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1963693                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            99758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1513278                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  86912                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12759                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1513278                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            795334                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          717944                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        38994                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     993929                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     127220                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       178800                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2048                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1554473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7032                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1602786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6159229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1963693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            882246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28715178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 204178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        57948                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1547441                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                15401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30482438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.407668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.609118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28184070     92.46%     92.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34918      0.11%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  694683      2.28%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   57747      0.19%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  160680      0.53%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  113284      0.37%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  115445      0.38%     96.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   45504      0.15%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1076107      3.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30482438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.064310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.201713                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  865646                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27942218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1209672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               362813                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                102089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10385504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                102089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  993114                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26501210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1361036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1503517                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9913661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               101825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1108652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                327633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11793940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             27053132                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13491969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            91665                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4355637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7438306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           519                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2210132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1641900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             177776                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10459                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9269183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6888135                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            12175                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5659364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10876349                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          9257                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30482438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.225971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.899274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27879391     91.46%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             939622      3.08%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             534498      1.75%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             371760      1.22%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             375854      1.23%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             159349      0.52%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             127723      0.42%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              56190      0.18%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              38051      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30482438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  25447     72.49%     72.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2830      8.06%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5940     16.92%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  577      1.64%     99.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              299      0.85%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            33023      0.48%      0.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5607813     81.41%     81.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2747      0.04%     81.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                26797      0.39%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              34961      0.51%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1040273     15.10%     97.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             135569      1.97%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6929      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            23      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6888135                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.225584                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      35102                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005096                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          44218530                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14864432                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6550680                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              87455                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             73382                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        38310                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6845162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  45052                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           13076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1029217                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          324                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1177                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                102089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23890188                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               306908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9278441                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1641900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              177776                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3349                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                95934                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         50340                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        66128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              116468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6732674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               993310                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           155461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1120503                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  781355                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    127193                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.220493                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6621787                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6588990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4845938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7902149                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.215787                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.613243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5660498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           102084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29660222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.122018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.684572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28229156     95.18%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       613876      2.07%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       171636      0.58%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       398292      1.34%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        80478      0.27%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        50914      0.17%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13061      0.04%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10265      0.03%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        92544      0.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29660222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1814416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3619079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        691868                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       612684                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    588650                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     31646                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3586988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               13979                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9616      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2866605     79.21%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            559      0.02%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           23371      0.65%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         27060      0.75%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         608098     16.80%     97.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         79184      2.19%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4586      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3619079                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                92544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38847255                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19384737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          52251                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1814416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3619079                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.828935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.828935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.059421                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.059421                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7392869                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5703677                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    67397                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   33694                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4093433                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1893577                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3340894                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           274724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             567104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           274724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.064268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4482928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4482928                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       485788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         485788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        78000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         78000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       563788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          563788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       563788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         563788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       487079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       487079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       488263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        488263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       488263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       488263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34199349500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34199349500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34287572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34287572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34287572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34287572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       972867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       972867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        79184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1052051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1052051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1052051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1052051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.500664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.464106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.464106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70213.147149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70213.147149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74512.668919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74512.668919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70223.573156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70223.573156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70223.573156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70223.573156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1004                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.038845                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           92                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       213529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       213529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       213539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       213539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       213539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       213539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       273550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       274724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       274724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18829587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18829587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85947500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85947500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18915534500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18915534500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18915534500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18915534500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014826                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014826                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68834.169256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68834.169256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73209.114140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73209.114140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68852.865057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68852.865057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68852.865057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68852.865057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            49.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6189768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6189768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1547436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1547436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1547436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1547436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1547436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1547436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       252500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       252500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       252500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1547441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1547441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1547441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1547441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1547441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1547441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        50500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        50500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        50500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        50500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        50500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        50500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       239500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        59875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        59875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        59875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        59875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        59875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        59875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    183843                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      370199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    183843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.013669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.101254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.099607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.799138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4578195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4578195                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         90520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             90520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                90924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    90926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               90924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   90926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183030                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183030                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79752500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      79752500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       212500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       212500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17430586500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17430586500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17510339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17510551500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17510339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17510551500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       273550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        273550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           274724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               274728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          274724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              274728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.655877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.655877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.669092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.669035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.669033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.669035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.669033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103574.675325                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103574.675325                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95233.494509                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95233.494509                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95268.438520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95268.558014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95268.438520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95268.558014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1084                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1084                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183030                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183030                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72052500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72052500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15600306500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15600306500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15672359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15672551500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15672359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15672551500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.655877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.669092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.669033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.669033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93574.675325                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93574.675325                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85233.603781                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85233.603781                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85268.547334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85268.666826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85268.547334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85268.666826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        367595                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183804                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           182711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       551395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       551395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 551395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11832576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11832576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11832576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183800    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           434545500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          996236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       549456                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       274728                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          330                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             65                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           55                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            273554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          454839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       273550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       824172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                824184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17751552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17752064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          183843                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     69376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           458571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 458176     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    385      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     10      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             458571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          277376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         412086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
