
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2259566930500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19539265                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 35627122                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59677839                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   255.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4998717521                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9114463934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1112832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1112960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1057600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1057600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          72889691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              72898075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        69272035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             69272035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        69272035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         72889691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            142170110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16525                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16525                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1112960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1056832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1112960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1057600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265015000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17390                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16525                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.408042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.928763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    50.464733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17476     72.00%     72.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5051     20.81%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1070      4.41%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          428      1.76%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          142      0.59%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           64      0.26%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           23      0.09%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           14      0.06%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-831            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.176778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.116621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.486105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                6      0.63%      0.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              153     16.00%     16.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              137     14.33%     30.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              274     28.66%     59.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              225     23.54%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              101     10.56%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               40      4.18%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               17      1.78%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                3      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.273013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.243843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.996194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              351     36.72%     36.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               21      2.20%     38.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              556     58.16%     97.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               28      2.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    483807000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               809869500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   86950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27820.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46570.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        72.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        69.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     72.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     69.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6114                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3523                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     450096.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 88950120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 47289495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                63260400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               43868880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1214528640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1040871300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29860800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4563498660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1074387840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         40905900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8207542035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.588068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12903807500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19223000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     513958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    101140750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2797855250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1827398375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10007768750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 84309120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 44822745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                60904200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               42328980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1022745870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             34571040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4392559650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1193545920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         76801800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8174091495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            535.397082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12927316000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30545750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     517010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    192981500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3108282500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1785975875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9632548500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13240658                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13240658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1370898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11101807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1070078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            192754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11101807                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2685907                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8415900                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       892782                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6979177                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2376454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        85311                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        16185                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6555069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2430                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7387378                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56603854                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13240658                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3755985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21760164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2743884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13807                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6552639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               319386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.031190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12123523     39.70%     39.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  528556      1.73%     41.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  897182      2.94%     44.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1348781      4.42%     48.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  601174      1.97%     50.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1150881      3.77%     54.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1007015      3.30%     57.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  497843      1.63%     59.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12379207     40.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.853756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5586760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8344082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13807337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1424041                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1371942                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110355497                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1371942                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6650943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6979459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        228176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13955070                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1348572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103201744                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                34804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                695528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                421038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          116069708                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255999528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140583048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19302350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48517722                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67551989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3208961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9514182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3298165                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           161475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          166147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89559887                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             213337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71239578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           685378                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47909757                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69338273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        213227                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.333111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.596474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13298166     43.55%     43.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2213202      7.25%     50.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2745594      8.99%     59.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2315924      7.58%     67.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2355142      7.71%     75.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2243978      7.35%     82.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2658491      8.71%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1633308      5.35%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1070357      3.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1469065     93.02%     93.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                81630      5.17%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4415      0.28%     98.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1631      0.10%     98.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22248      1.41%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             355      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1824778      2.56%      2.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54185856     76.06%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2625      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                77183      0.11%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4955069      6.96%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5195882      7.29%     92.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2582420      3.62%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2414707      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1058      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71239578                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.333070                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1579344                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.022169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160136492                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119722983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60286292                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15141551                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17960258                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6721017                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63417025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7577119                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          225471                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5766764                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4010                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          295                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1598340                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3375                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1371942                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6194743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10346                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89773224                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            51231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9514182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3298165                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87420                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4956                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3443                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           295                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        418080                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1300137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1718217                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68189213                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6943352                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3050368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9319093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6273378                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2375741                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.233172                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67565401                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67007309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49619531                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88123998                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.194465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47909851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1371777                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23264621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.799447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.421993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10761206     46.26%     46.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3041672     13.07%     59.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3412687     14.67%     74.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1858178      7.99%     81.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       957584      4.12%     86.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       768320      3.30%     89.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       323248      1.39%     90.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323349      1.39%     92.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1818377      7.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23264621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19059897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41863463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5447245                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3747415                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4381785                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3102654                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39206397                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              376219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       708856      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33314873     79.58%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            715      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           51404      0.12%     81.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2340370      5.59%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2995053      7.15%     94.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1699830      4.06%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       752362      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41863463                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1818377                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111219558                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186952381                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             87                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19059897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41863463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.602039                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.602039                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.624205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.624205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87324131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51532056                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10624991                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6332578                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36260326                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18034740                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22157487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             507634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.846945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33504816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33504816                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6647708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6647708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1689773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1689773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8337481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8337481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8337481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8337481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        23480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        33813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         33813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        33813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        33813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1672390500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1672390500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    972128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    972128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2644518500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2644518500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2644518500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2644518500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6671188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6671188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1700106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1700106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8371294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8371294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8371294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8371294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71226.171210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71226.171210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94079.938063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94079.938063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78210.111496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78210.111496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78210.111496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78210.111496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          147                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    73.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    834347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    834347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    919909500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919909500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1754256500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1754256500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1754256500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1754256500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005784                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84972.705978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84972.705978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93543.776693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93543.776693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89261.512237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89261.512237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89261.512237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89261.512237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.445984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             119984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           162.140541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.445984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26211310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26211310                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6551862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6551862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6551862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6551862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6551862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6551862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9971500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9971500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9971500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9971500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9971500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9971500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6552639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6552639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6552639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6552639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6552639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6552639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12051.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12051.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12051.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12051.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12051.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12051.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17396                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       18736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.077029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.592410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        13.820028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16352.587563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    343348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   343348                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16969                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16969                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          740                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              740                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                97                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    97                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            738                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                738                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2990                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9727                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9727                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7661                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7661                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    904139000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     904139000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    796368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    796368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1700507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1700686500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1700507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1700686500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16969                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16969                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          740                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          740                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9824                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9824                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          740                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            740                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                20380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               20380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.307692                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002703                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002703                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780460                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.780460                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.853288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.853288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92951.475275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92951.475275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103950.920245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103950.920245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97797.734069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97796.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97797.734069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97796.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16525                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16525                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7661                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7661                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    806869000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    806869000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    719758000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    719758000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1526627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526786500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1526627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526786500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.853288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.853288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82951.475275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82951.475275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93950.920245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93950.920245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87797.734069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87796.808511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87797.734069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87796.808511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34782                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17393                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2170560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2170560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2170560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17394    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           105081000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           94393250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        40787                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20380                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           56                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        33494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 61180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2342976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2437696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1058496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            37803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  37739     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     64      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              37803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           38102500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1131000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29466500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
