
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3954242128375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120378040                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                223133081                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              328021303                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5602844241                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10385450340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12337216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12337216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        39296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           39296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         808078727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             808078727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2573860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2573860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2573860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        808078727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            810652586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        614                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      614                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12332096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   38976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12337344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                39296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     82                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267435000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  614                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.548668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.617628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.917225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42416     43.73%     43.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43969     45.33%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9150      9.43%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1259      1.30%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      0.16%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5056.842105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4880.707940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1297.964363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.63%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      5.26%      7.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      7.89%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      5.26%     21.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     15.79%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      2.63%     39.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      5.26%     44.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      7.89%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      5.26%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4     10.53%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.26%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      5.26%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            5     13.16%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            2      5.26%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.026316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.025547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.162221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               37     97.37%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      2.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4783149500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8396068250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  963445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24823.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43573.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       807.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    808.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     512                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78948.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352787400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187518540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700998060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1221480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1644496740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23819040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5216053470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        61535520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9393739290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.283131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11598438000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    160467750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3150214250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11437976125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                339699780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180569895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               674794260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1957500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1590728640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24525600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5218130550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       104358240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9340073505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.768061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11715721500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9546500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271953500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3032216125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11443768000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1599825                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1599825                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            72749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1196214                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  57775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1196214                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            666654                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          529560                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23876                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     777072                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      67962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149705                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1136                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1299447                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5889                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1332843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4811520                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1599825                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            724429                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29038088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 149690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46654                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1293558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8639                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30495258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.318240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.424263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28656286     93.97%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20040      0.07%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  620508      2.03%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   33805      0.11%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  128504      0.42%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   84399      0.28%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   88886      0.29%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29634      0.10%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  833196      2.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30495258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.157576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  676712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28534211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   898260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               311230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 74845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7952947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 74845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  774508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27149908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1034740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1447779                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7605440                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               110760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1020999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                391445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9067781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20996568                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10136470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48651                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3233273                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5834577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               225                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           295                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1974785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1335871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              97081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5840                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7187606                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5219206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6797                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4498327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9028884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5512                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30495258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.171148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.765874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28410561     93.16%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             801434      2.63%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             439313      1.44%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             300533      0.99%     98.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             300586      0.99%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             100995      0.33%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              86145      0.28%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32170      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23521      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30495258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14256     69.60%     69.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1467      7.16%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4255     20.77%     97.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  356      1.74%     99.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              125      0.61%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21190      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4278318     81.97%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1347      0.03%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13945      0.27%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18884      0.36%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              809357     15.51%     98.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              72654      1.39%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3431      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            80      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5219206                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170927                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20483                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40914297                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11652353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4992348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              46653                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             39100                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20832                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5194483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  24016                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7225                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       847590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          195                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55753                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           59                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          932                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24904488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               289607                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7193118                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1335871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               97081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                91404                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         39234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               83548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5120641                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               776666                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            98565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      844609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  604157                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     67943                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.167699                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5033635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5013180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3681825                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5897401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.164180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624313                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4499166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            74842                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29849924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.567630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28716730     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       511375      1.71%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128598      0.43%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329816      1.10%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62407      0.21%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33718      0.11%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7053      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5530      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        54697      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29849924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1349624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2694841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        529619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       488291                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    465796                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16494                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2678176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4959      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2133893     79.18%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            291      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11979      0.44%     79.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         14100      0.52%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         485897     18.03%     98.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         41328      1.53%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2394      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2694841                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                54697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36989234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15035258                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          39430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1349624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2694841                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.624589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.624589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044200                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044200                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5332344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4351454                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    36780                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18350                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3173510                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1408494                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2631356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           241300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             378483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           241300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.568516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3466032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3466032                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       335825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         335825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        40292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       376117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          376117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       376117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         376117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       429030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       429030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       430066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        430066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       430066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       430066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34572384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34572384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52122499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52122499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34624506499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34624506499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34624506499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34624506499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       764855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       764855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        41328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       806183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       806183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       806183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       806183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.560930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.560930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.533460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.533460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80582.672540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80582.672540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50311.292471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50311.292471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80509.750827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80509.750827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80509.750827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80509.750827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19299                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.374468                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       240277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       241303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       241303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19193425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19193425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50351999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50351999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19243776999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19243776999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19243776999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19243776999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024826                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024826                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79880.408861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79880.408861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49076.022417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49076.022417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79749.431209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79749.431209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79749.431209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79749.431209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5174232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5174232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1293558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1293558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1293558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1293558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1293558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1293558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1293558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1293558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1293558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1293558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1293558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1293558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192776                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      286946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.488494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.806381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.193619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10591                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4537                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4051616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4051616                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         47912                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             47912                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42031500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      42031500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18301126000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18301126000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18343157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18343157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18343157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18343157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       240277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        240277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           241303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          241303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.394737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.394737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.800597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.798871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.798871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.798871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.798871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103781.481481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103781.481481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95137.504224                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95137.504224                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95155.664782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95155.664782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95155.664782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95155.664782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  614                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       614                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192365                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192365                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37981500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37981500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16377506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16377506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16415487500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16415487500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16415487500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16415487500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.394737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.798871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.798871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.798871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.798871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93781.481481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93781.481481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85137.660177                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85137.660177                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85155.820408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85155.820408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85155.820408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85155.820408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385528                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192766                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12376384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12376384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12376384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192771    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1042100750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       482603                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       241301                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          483                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            240274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       240277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       723903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                723903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15589888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15589888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192776                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433576     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    500      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243593500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         361950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
