
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               717565173875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12462318                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 23546259                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              128254489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1222772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   119.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1483507315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2802933558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       17347264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           17351424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1359232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1359232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          271051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              271116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         21238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              21238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            272477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1136233248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1136505725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       272477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           272477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        89028713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             89028713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        89028713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           272477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1136233248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1225534438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      271117                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      21238                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    271117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    21238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               17351360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1359616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                17351488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1359232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             17047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             17028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             17048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             16911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             16790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             16783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             16785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             16806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             16804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             16960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            17027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            17049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            17090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            16931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            17019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            17037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267360500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                271117                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                21238                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  164931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  106113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        20606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    908.013588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   821.781798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   259.616265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          465      2.26%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          568      2.76%      5.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          697      3.38%      8.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          306      1.49%      9.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          693      3.36%     13.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          343      1.66%     14.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          752      3.65%     18.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          672      3.26%     21.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16110     78.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        20606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     294.175584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.373231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  10031.757417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383         1326     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.216045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1324     99.77%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2531337250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7614743500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1355575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9336.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28086.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1136.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        89.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1136.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     89.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.59                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      30.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   252168                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   19583                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      52221.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 72713760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 38640690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               965313720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               52956900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         802105200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1461530730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64928160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2063314500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       492340320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1535240700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7549084680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            494.459588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11893311500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67788000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     340122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6086196750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1282147250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2966122625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4524967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 74427360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 39559080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               970447380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               57936780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         808866240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1482289560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65408160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2091017640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       489415680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1510710060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7590077940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            497.144617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11846257000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67590000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     342964000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5986293750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1274518000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3010533125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4585445250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3955712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3955712                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5481                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3954589                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    941                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               201                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3954589                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3923227                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           31362                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1213                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4016209                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     304856                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3867                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          644                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      29666                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           59                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             34268                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      20130019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3955712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3924168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30490730                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  11152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  51                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          345                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    29610                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30530970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.173689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.568631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22649619     74.19%     74.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2920087      9.56%     83.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  462201      1.51%     85.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  363658      1.19%     86.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  164493      0.54%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  130725      0.43%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  401890      1.32%     88.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  330924      1.08%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3107373     10.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30530970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.129548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.659251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1449711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24589366                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1332575                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3153742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  5576                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              35702735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  5576                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2222799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               15572959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3712796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              9015800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              35663659                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               947266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2415104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               5030128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           58662800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             79990230                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        47875076                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           166650                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             58427464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  235652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                42                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            43                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 11504020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4030762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             318848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  35641384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 35598614                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              665                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         161899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       205144                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           344                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30530970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.165984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.918987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           19850093     65.02%     65.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2439102      7.99%     73.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1451049      4.75%     77.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2363360      7.74%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             996844      3.27%     88.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1599599      5.24%     94.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1643628      5.38%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             178165      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               9130      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30530970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6721     83.84%     83.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     83.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     83.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   10      0.12%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   634      7.91%     91.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  604      7.53%     99.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.02%     99.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              45      0.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14033      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             31249765     87.78%     87.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3962      0.01%     87.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   25      0.00%     87.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                854      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4024539     11.31%     99.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             141036      0.40%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            160      0.00%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        164240      0.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              35598614                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.165842                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       8016                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000225                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         101406039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         35637510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35400685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             330840                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            166220                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       165295                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              35427171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 165426                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             795                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            7                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           80                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  5576                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12717275                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1679465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           35641776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4030762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              318848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               154                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 39250                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1640183                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          4268                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1743                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                6011                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             35571478                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4016186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            27136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4321036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3928999                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    304850                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.164953                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      35570670                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     35565980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 29457728                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 42178283                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.164773                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.698410                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         161931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             48                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5530                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30508247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.162966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.992898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22285546     73.05%     73.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       423956      1.39%     74.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106863      0.35%     74.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       186978      0.61%     75.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3612556     11.84%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3765071     12.34%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3780      0.01%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4784      0.02%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       118713      0.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30508247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19897412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              35480067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4304773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4001392                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         26                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3919359                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    165010                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 35465846                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13528      0.04%      0.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        31157108     87.82%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           3951      0.01%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               7      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           700      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4001300     11.28%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        139261      0.39%     99.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           92      0.00%     99.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       164120      0.46%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         35480067                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               118713                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    66031532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   71306689                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           3718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19897412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35480067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.534606                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.534606                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.651633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.651633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                47711788                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               31326105                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   166079                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     964                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19672689                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                27231463                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12180182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           272140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1242676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           272140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.566311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17546220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17546220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1002886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1002886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       265827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        265827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1268713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1268713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1268713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1268713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      3012282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3012282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        37525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        37525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3049807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3049807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3049807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3049807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 198230504500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 198230504500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3245664499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3245664499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 201476168999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 201476168999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 201476168999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 201476168999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4015168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4015168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       303352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4318520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4318520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4318520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4318520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.706216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.706216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.706216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.706216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65807.419259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65807.419259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86493.391046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86493.391046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66061.940641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66061.940641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66061.940641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66061.940641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2864                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               36                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    79.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        37660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            37660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2777663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2777663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2777666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2777666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2777666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2777666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       272141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       272141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18681137500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18681137500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3207963000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3207963000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21889100500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21889100500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21889100500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21889100500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79623.293510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79623.293510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85495.522627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85495.522627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80432.939175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80432.939175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80432.939175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80432.939175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.768464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            5339271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         37078.270833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.768464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           118585                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          118585                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        29444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          29444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        29444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           29444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        29444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          29444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        29610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        29610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        29610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        29610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        29610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60463.855422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60463.855422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60463.855422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60463.855422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60463.855422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60463.855422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61779.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61779.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61779.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    271227                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      271493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    271227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.000981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.318131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         5.350420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16369.331449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4627731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4627731                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            37660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          144                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              144                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             78                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 78                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  78                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           37515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       233537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          233537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             271052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 271117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                65                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            271052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                271117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3151688500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3151688500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7914500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      7914500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18317744500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18317744500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7914500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21469433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      21477347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7914500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21469433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     21477347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          144                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          144                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         37521                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             37521                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            143                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234618                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234618                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           272139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               272282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          272139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              272282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.454545                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.454545                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.454545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.996006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.454545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.996006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84011.422098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84011.422098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121761.538462                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121761.538462                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78436.155727                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78436.155727                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121761.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79207.801455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79218.003666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121761.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79207.801455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79218.003666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233537                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       233537                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        271052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            271117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           271117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2776548500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2776548500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7264500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7264500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15982354500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15982354500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7264500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18758903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18766167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7264500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18758903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18766167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74011.688658                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74011.688658                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111761.538462                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111761.538462                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68436.070087                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68436.070087                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111761.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69207.764562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69217.966782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111761.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69207.764562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69217.966782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        542233                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       271118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             233603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           249878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        233602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       813350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       813350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 813350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18710720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     18710720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18710720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            271117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  271117    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              271117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           716713000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1424205750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       544570                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       272284                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            118                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          118                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        58898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          144                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          484469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            37521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           37520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       816423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                816855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19827200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19845568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          271229                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1359360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           543513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 543383     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    130      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             543513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          310089000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            217500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         408211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
