
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8793990216000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              139312305                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                259506267                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              355470268                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5983420155                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11145716056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12842304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12842304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         841161625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             841161625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1341425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1341425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1341425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        841161625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            842503051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200661                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        320                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200661                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      320                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12838592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12842304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267345500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200661                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  320                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.280661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.717978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.360360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40510     41.36%     41.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45670     46.63%     87.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10108     10.32%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1461      1.49%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          170      0.17%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10344.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10223.998234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1597.857460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2     10.00%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     10.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     15.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     15.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     15.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     10.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4787089500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8548395750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1003015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23863.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42613.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       840.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    841.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     278                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      75964.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349467300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185750070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               717377220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1628640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1655384310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24252960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5156140200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102386400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9397696140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.542301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11573514375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267036250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3174033750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11306478125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349895700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185973975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               714921060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  41760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1650987330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24533760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5136008370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       122761440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9390432435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.066534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11581213500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    319349750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3166255875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11262242500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1425963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1425963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            51973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1068741                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  29547                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4328                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1068741                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            624939                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          443802                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14179                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     628063                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      30636                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135404                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          553                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1226537                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1839                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1249975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4014890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1425963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            654486                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29185050                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 105162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        17791                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1224698                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.263908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.292267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28910758     94.77%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   15360      0.05%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  631200      2.07%     96.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   15489      0.05%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115569      0.38%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   40845      0.13%     97.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   71871      0.24%     97.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   14250      0.05%     97.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  691152      2.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.131486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  586390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28846136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   738659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               282728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 52581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6568157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 52581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  662217                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27755809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          4673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   870698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1160516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6321333                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                42462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                962942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                154844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7562684                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17784586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8158810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            24473                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2679528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4883082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1823348                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1176365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              43618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2415                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6045313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2471                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4212024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3810120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8460080                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2471                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.138070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.668104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28726322     94.16%     94.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             726695      2.38%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             379913      1.25%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             251920      0.83%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             272578      0.89%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              61328      0.20%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              55955      0.18%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              17203      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14580      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6700     66.91%     66.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  758      7.57%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2303     23.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  191      1.91%     99.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               50      0.50%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10199      0.24%      0.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3500614     83.11%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 481      0.01%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6648      0.16%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9498      0.23%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              650187     15.44%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              32791      0.78%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1566      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            40      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4212024                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.137942                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10014                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38920956                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9837857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4060757                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23198                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             20054                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10363                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4199911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11928                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       745912                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24132                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1170                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 52581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26368078                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               238291                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6047784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1176365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               43618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               910                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                38538                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        26669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               56986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4153034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               627895                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            58990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      658521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  494076                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     30626                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.136010                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4081331                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4071120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3017419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4702394                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.133328                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.641677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3810519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            52575                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29981604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.495794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28988868     96.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       466581      1.56%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105902      0.35%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       298324      1.00%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        54633      0.18%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27048      0.09%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4103      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3307      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32838      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29981604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1119657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2237600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        449930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       430444                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    408065                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7780                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2229763                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2321      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1772979     79.24%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            137      0.01%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5585      0.25%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6648      0.30%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         429312     19.19%     99.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19486      0.87%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1132      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2237600                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32838                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35996885                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12622158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1119657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2237600                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.271467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.271467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3945321                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3550752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18359                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9136                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2633813                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1085938                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2227934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             236388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.044020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2790473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2790473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       218008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         218008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       236710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          236710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       236710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         236710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       403519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       403519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       404303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        404303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       404303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       404303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35021427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35021427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27701997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27701997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35049129497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35049129497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35049129497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35049129497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       621527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       621527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       641013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       641013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       641013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       641013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.649238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.649238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.630725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.630725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.630725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.630725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86790.033431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86790.033431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35334.179847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35334.179847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86690.253342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86690.253342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86690.253342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86690.253342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              728                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.354396                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       177879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       177881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       177881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19511177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19511177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26737997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26737997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19537914997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19537914997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19537914997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19537914997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040131                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040131                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86470.382024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86470.382024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34191.812020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34191.812020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86289.826064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86289.826064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86289.826064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86289.826064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4898792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4898792                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1224698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1224698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1224698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1224698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1224698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1224698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1224698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1224698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1224698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200664                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      248261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.237198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.914206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.085794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3820824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3820824                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1978                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1978                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                25761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               25761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19069000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19069000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18884122000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18884122000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18903191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18903191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18903191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18903191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1978                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1978                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225640                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        225640                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242967                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.242967                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.888455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.886226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.886226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.886226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.886226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100363.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100363.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94198.771892                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94198.771892                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94204.608768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94204.608768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94204.608768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94204.608768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200471                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200471                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17169000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17169000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16879422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16879422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16896591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16896591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16896591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16896591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.886226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.886226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.886226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.886226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90363.157895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90363.157895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84198.821775                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84198.821775                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84204.658603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84204.658603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84204.658603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84204.658603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        401317                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200660                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           200336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       601977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       601977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 601977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12862720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12862720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12862720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200661    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           472441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1083240500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       452843                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226422                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          564                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            225639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       225640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       679264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                679264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14617536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14617536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200664                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20480                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426513     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    573      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          228399500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         339631500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
