
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2503844436500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               20846884                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 38455888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60060858                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   254.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5299233820                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9775405848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1274624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1274688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1031360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1031360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           19916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          83486950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              83491142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        67553334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             67553334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        67553334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         83486950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            151044476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       19917                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16115                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     19917                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16115                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1274496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1030720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1274688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1031360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267108000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 19917                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16115                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.983934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.661934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.951212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18158     71.68%     71.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5126     20.23%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1151      4.54%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          575      2.27%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          185      0.73%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           77      0.30%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           36      0.14%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           18      0.07%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            4      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.280214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.119901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.639793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               13      1.39%      1.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               42      4.49%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18               81      8.66%     14.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              122     13.05%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              125     13.37%     40.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              140     14.97%     55.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              134     14.33%     70.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               93      9.95%     80.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               75      8.02%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               48      5.13%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               27      2.89%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27               21      2.25%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                7      0.75%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                5      0.53%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::31                2      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.224599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.193315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.034126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              371     39.68%     39.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               29      3.10%     42.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              490     52.41%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               44      4.71%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    540553750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               913941250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   99570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27144.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45894.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        83.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        67.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     83.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     67.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3636                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     423709.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 87807720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 46663320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                69407940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41117940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1222518960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1001228370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31130880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4563390360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1120858080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         36960360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8221516470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.503384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12988910375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23098500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     517398000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     63295750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2918664875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1737699500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10007187500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 93098460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 49475415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                72778020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               42950160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1209611520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            968892840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30501120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4672124130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1052475360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         28789860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8220696885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.449701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13061949750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20755500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     512029375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     76235000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2740573000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1671843000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10245908250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13154932                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13154932                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1359646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10977578                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1063520                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10977578                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2648743                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8328835                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       898172                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6916455                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2339946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        88928                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        20248                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6505324                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2817                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7333096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56206021                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13154932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3712263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21823198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2721642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16098                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6502507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               315669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.005153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12237148     40.08%     40.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  521742      1.71%     41.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  910051      2.98%     44.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1328766      4.35%     49.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  603932      1.98%     51.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1146872      3.76%     54.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  985862      3.23%     58.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  497900      1.63%     59.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12301936     40.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430819                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.840727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5537339                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8546419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13605506                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1484124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1360821                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109487030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1360821                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6613086                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7034464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        254450                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13799989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1471399                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102432014                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                33739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                853179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                374338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115280896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254560606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139622111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19141602                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48453854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66827066                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3609078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9425683                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3245355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           155851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          165850                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88991350                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             207092                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70782195                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           671633                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47380876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68968137                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        206983                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.318128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.583521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13279392     43.49%     43.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2252512      7.38%     50.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2805490      9.19%     60.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2338415      7.66%     67.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2354991      7.71%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2228105      7.30%     82.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2627504      8.61%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1604455      5.25%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1043345      3.42%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1425816     92.76%     92.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                79913      5.20%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5432      0.35%     98.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2870      0.19%     98.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22651      1.47%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             443      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1819521      2.57%      2.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53874749     76.11%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3276      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                72107      0.10%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4939432      6.98%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5132712      7.25%     93.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2540788      3.59%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2398182      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1428      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70782195                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.318091                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1537125                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021716                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159236447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118822027                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59892581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15070914                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17757544                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6702087                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62958443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7541356                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          217787                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5685023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3898                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1561973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3134                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1360821                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6164539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89198442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9425683                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3245355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             85143                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6397                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1598                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        405739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1300963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1706702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67773076                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6881127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3009123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9220378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6242525                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2339251                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.219544                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67150539                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66594668                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49380126                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88039436                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.180951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47381124                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1360660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23325555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.792780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.410496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10770631     46.18%     46.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3049702     13.07%     59.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3472548     14.89%     74.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1867109      8.00%     82.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       946488      4.06%     86.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       785018      3.37%     89.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       320226      1.37%     90.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       321598      1.38%     92.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1792235      7.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23325555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18999718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41817589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5424048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3740665                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4363716                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3158894                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39136191                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              374629                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       706486      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33262471     79.54%     81.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2076      0.00%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46792      0.11%     81.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2375716      5.68%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2967457      7.10%     94.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1683383      4.03%     98.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       773208      1.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41817589                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1792235                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110732033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185744982                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             97                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            480                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18999718                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41817589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.607113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.607113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.622234                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.622234                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86780626                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51203707                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10600683                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6308451                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36397938                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17935664                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21990465                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            22505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             501246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            22505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.272651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33214341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33214341                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6579157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6579157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1673560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1673560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8252717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8252717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8252717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8252717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        35165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        35165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        45242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         45242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        45242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        45242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2673544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2673544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    943683500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    943683500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3617227500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3617227500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3617227500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3617227500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6614322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6614322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1683637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1683637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8297959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8297959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8297959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8297959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76028.551116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76028.551116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93647.266051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93647.266051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79952.864595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79952.864595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79952.864595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79952.864595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1101316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    895122000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    895122000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1996438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1996438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1996438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1996438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85162.078565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85162.078565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93329.371286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93329.371286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88639.968033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88639.968033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88639.968033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88639.968033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.541790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             108254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           103.394460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.541790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26011093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26011093                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6501414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6501414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6501414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6501414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6501414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6501414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13909500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13909500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13909500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13909500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13909500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13909500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6502507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6502507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6502507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6502507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6502507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6502507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12725.983532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12725.983532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12725.983532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12725.983532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12725.983532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12725.983532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12712500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12712500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12712500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12712500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12712500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12712500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11936.619718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11936.619718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11936.619718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11936.619718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11936.619718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11936.619718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     19919                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     19919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.101310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       15.098077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        11.761724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16357.140199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3883                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    396455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   396455                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1047                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1047                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1046                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1046                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2533                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2533                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        10396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              19916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             19916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19917                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    880088500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     880088500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1054517000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1054517000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1934605500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1934695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1934605500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1934695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1047                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1047                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9576                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9576                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1047                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1047                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12929                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12929                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            22505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                23552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           22505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               23552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.388889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.388889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000955                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000955                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804084                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.804084                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.884959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.845661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.884959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.845661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92446.271008                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92446.271008                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101434.878800                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101434.878800                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97138.255674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97137.872170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97138.255674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97137.872170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16115                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16115                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9520                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9520                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10396                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10396                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         19916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             19917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            19917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       138500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    784888500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    784888500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    950557000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    950557000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1735445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1735525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1735445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1735525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.388889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.845661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.845661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82446.271008                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82446.271008                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91434.878800                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91434.878800                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87138.255674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87137.872170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87138.255674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87137.872170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         39836                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19924                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        59753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        59753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  59753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2306048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2306048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2306048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             19924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   19924    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               19924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           109276000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          108036500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        47140                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        23555                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           91                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        67551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 70710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       134016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2495680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2629696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           19937                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1032512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            43507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  43406     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    101      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              43507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           41107000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1597500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          33767498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
