
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3068736169125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              110915907                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                205343175                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              307047785                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5515071371                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10210280514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11812224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11812224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        64576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           64576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          184566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              184566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         773692130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             773692130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4229681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4229681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4229681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        773692130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            777921812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      184566                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1009                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    184566                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1009                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11802624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   63680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11812224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                64576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    150                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                184566                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1009                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.483562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.675728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.293916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46646     47.76%     47.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41870     42.87%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8005      8.20%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          966      0.99%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      0.13%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2926.241935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2825.941599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    764.815025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      3.23%      3.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.61%      4.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            6      9.68%     14.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            4      6.45%     20.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      8.06%     29.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           12     19.35%     48.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           10     16.13%     64.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      8.06%     72.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      8.06%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      4.84%     85.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      4.84%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      3.23%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      6.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.048387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.046107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.282113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               60     96.77%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.61%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4600047000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8057847000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  922080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24943.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43693.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       773.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    773.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    86886                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     848                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82270.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                359905980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                191275590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               678557040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5193900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1635606450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24588960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5177673090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       100572960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9378068370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.256697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11616546250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9605000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    262088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131175000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11354876125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                337507800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                179393445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               638173200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1542017580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24624480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5234093970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       131836800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9292956315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            608.681919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11822234000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    343312500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2925450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11478959375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1735035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1735035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            84092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1337546                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  73592                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1337546                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            717436                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          620110                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33679                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     905570                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     114968                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       171936                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1695                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1393621                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5798                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1434014                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5428391                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1735035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            791028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28913310                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 172210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        49189                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1387823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13587                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30485498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.358737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.510863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28439994     93.29%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34976      0.11%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  631487      2.07%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   53007      0.17%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  145878      0.48%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   95046      0.31%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  111164      0.36%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   37995      0.12%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  935951      3.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30485498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.177778                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  761989                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28242233                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1052320                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               342851                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 86105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9233265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 86105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  878075                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26935130                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19495                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1200569                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1366124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8836756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                84333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1072875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                213322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10524087                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24136882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12002271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            83723                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4130808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6393280                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           494                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2092512                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1461761                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             159314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8285623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8485                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6233053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11037                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4872594                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9371636                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8485                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30485498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.204460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.851996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28082554     92.12%     92.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             896379      2.94%     95.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             497024      1.63%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             346295      1.14%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             327123      1.07%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             139579      0.46%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             112666      0.37%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              49666      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34212      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30485498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22314     72.24%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2458      7.96%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5241     16.97%     97.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  448      1.45%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              416      1.35%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            28215      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5074119     81.41%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2188      0.04%     81.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                23916      0.38%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              30621      0.49%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              944187     15.15%     97.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             122452      1.96%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7331      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            24      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6233053                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.204130                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30888                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004956                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42914266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13097483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5941902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              79263                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             69224                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        34045                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6194865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  40861                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       884193                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           96                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1110                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 86105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24669522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               274081                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8294108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1461761                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              159314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                61476                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         42840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56147                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               98987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6100306                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               905009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           132747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1019949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  724642                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    114940                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.199783                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6004483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5975947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4357891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7183402                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.195710                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.606661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4873264                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            86101                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29783144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.114881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.658908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28410922     95.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       590428      1.98%     97.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       168903      0.57%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       392462      1.32%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69635      0.23%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45249      0.15%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11997      0.04%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9256      0.03%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        84292      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29783144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1716859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3421515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        648657                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       577568                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    558894                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     28600                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3392547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               12575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8704      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2717984     79.44%     79.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            503      0.01%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           21235      0.62%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         24432      0.71%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         573400     16.76%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         71089      2.08%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4168      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3421515                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                84292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37993631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17294906                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          49190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1716859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3421515                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.785204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.785204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.056227                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.056227                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6759120                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5157516                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    59714                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   29868                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3819677                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1757796                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3034685                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           265372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             515235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           265372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.941558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4097880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4097880                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       419108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         419108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        69982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         69982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       489090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          489090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       489090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         489090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       467930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       467930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       469037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        469037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       469037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       469037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33797492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33797492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79136000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79136000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33876628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33876628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33876628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33876628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       887038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       887038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        71089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       958127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       958127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       958127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       958127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.527520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.527520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015572                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015572                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.489535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.489535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72227.666531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72227.666531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71486.901536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71486.901536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72225.918211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72225.918211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72225.918211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72225.918211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              869                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.493671                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       203665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       203665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       264273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       265372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       265372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18784085500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18784085500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77268500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77268500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18861354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18861354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18861354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18861354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71078.337552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71078.337552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70308.007279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70308.007279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71075.147340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71075.147340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71075.147340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71075.147340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5551292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5551292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1387823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1387823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1387823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1387823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1387823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1387823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1387823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1387823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1387823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1387823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1387823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1387823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    184591                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      356914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    184591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.933540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.388132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.611868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4429175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4429175                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         80399                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             80399                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                80806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    80806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               80806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   80806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             692                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 692                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             184566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 184566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            184566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                184566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71165500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      71165500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17508081500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17508081500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17579247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17579247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17579247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17579247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1099                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1099                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       264273                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        264273                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           265372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               265372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          265372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              265372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.629663                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.629663                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.695773                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.695773                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.695499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.695499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.695499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.695499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102840.317919                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102840.317919                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95217.820355                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95217.820355                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95246.399662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95246.399662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95246.399662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95246.399662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          692                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            692                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183874                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183874                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        184566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            184566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           184566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64245500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64245500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15669341500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15669341500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15733587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15733587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15733587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15733587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.629663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.629663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.695773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.695773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.695499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.695499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.695499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.695499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92840.317919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92840.317919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85217.820355                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85217.820355                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85246.399662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85246.399662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85246.399662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85246.399662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        369122                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       184568                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           183547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       553688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       553688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 553688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11876800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11876800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11876800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            184566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  184566    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              184566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           436697000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1000456750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       530745                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       265374                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          338                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             56                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           48                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            264273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          446412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       264273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       796117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                796117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17146560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17146560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          184591                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     64576                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           449963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 449568     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    387      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             449963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          267915500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         398058000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
