
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8168029106875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              134316420                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                250058434                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              345387295                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5937260137                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11053468197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12792000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12792000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         837866750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             837866750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1349809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1349809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1349809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        837866750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            839216559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199875                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        322                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199875                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      322                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12789440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12792000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267360000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199875                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  322                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.990929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.503416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.131689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40562     41.48%     41.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45559     46.59%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10029     10.26%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1426      1.46%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          181      0.19%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9948.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9757.998931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1926.276676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2     10.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            4     20.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     15.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4803193250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8550099500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  999175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24035.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42785.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       837.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    837.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102094                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     271                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76261.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351595020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186869595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               718476780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 944820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1659908400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24054720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5135786070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       115915200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9398859645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.618510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11564011500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9444000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    302210500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3184028625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11261801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346625580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184239660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               708345120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 725580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1641504810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24481440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5186337660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        88416480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385985370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.775255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11603846500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    230241000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3143586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11374141125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1484169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1484169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            58458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1192689                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  36594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1192689                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            637616                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          555073                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18956                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     667619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      38214                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134251                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          729                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1233079                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3511                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1259244                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4251291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1484169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            674210                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29138105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 119116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        30810                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1229568                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6145                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30490154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.280330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.334942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28820925     94.53%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   25859      0.08%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  620789      2.04%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   20536      0.07%     96.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  117834      0.39%     97.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   52466      0.17%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74779      0.25%     97.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19803      0.06%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  737163      2.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30490154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.139228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  612367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28737233                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   794305                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               286691                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 59558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6980242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 59558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  694754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27598388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   924517                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1198504                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6703968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                56401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                955790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                195399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7998100                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18711902                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8730071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29513                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2701216                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5296882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1826254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1227799                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              55634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3842                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6377101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3408                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4473302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4107                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4126979                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8794436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30490154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.146713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.695815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28635430     93.92%     93.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             747989      2.45%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             387326      1.27%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             255839      0.84%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             287137      0.94%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              76447      0.25%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              63483      0.21%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              20561      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15942      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30490154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7690     65.21%     65.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  825      7.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2919     24.75%     96.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  192      1.63%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              136      1.15%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              30      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13629      0.30%      0.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3703423     82.79%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 588      0.01%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7007      0.16%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10422      0.23%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              694813     15.53%     99.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              41037      0.92%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2268      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           115      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4473302                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.146499                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11792                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002636                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39425847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10481233                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4295432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26810                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26262                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11364                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4457657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13808                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       798909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1025                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 59558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25935467                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               248739                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6380509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1227799                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               55634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1256                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18360                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                52340                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31227                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        34096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               65323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4399430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               667453                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            73872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      705660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  517938                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     38207                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.144080                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4319759                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4306796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3203657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4982964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.141046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.642922                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4127585                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            59554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29913145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.499391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28918095     96.67%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       465392      1.56%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106482      0.36%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       298165      1.00%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56113      0.19%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26785      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5721      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3162      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        33230      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29913145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1127058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2253528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        449039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       428890                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    408989                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8042                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2245378                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2440      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1789105     79.39%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            142      0.01%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5926      0.26%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6876      0.31%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         427724     18.98%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20149      0.89%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1166      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2253528                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                33230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36261028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13340425                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            330                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44534                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1127058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2253528                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.092384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.092384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036911                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036911                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4251431                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3754475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20283                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10101                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2706693                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1154108                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2333774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           223842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             272701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           223842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.218274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2949438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2949438                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       256869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         256869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       276241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          276241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       276241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         276241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       404381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       404381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          777                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          777                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       405158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        405158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       405158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       405158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35294012500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35294012500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28708499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28708499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35322720999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35322720999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35322720999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35322720999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       661250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       661250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       681399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       681399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       681399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       681399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.611540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.611540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.594597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.594597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87279.106832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87279.106832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36947.875161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36947.875161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87182.583089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87182.583089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87182.583089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87182.583089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              721                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.252427                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       223842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       223842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19447389500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19447389500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27481999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27481999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19474871499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19474871499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19474871499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19474871499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87180.267717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87180.267717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35644.616083                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35644.616083                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87002.758638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87002.758638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87002.758638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87002.758638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4918272                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4918272                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1229568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1229568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1229568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1229568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1229568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1229568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1229568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1229568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1229568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199878                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      256649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.284028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.917160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.082840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3779102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3779102                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               578                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   578                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         23389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             23389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                23967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               23967                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23967                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199682                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199682                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19995000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19995000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18843865500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18843865500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18863860500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18863860500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18863860500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18863860500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           771                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               771                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223071                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223071                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           223842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               223842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          223842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              223842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.250324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895150                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.895150                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.892929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.892929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.892929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.892929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103601.036269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103601.036269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94369.374806                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94369.374806                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94378.288931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94378.288931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94378.288931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94378.288931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  322                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       322                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199682                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199682                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18065000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18065000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16847045500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16847045500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16865110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16865110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16865110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16865110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.892929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.892929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93601.036269                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93601.036269                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84369.374806                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84369.374806                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84378.288931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84378.288931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84378.288931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84378.288931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399743                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199874                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       599618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       599618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 599618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12812608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12812608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12812608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199875    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           470383000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1079187250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       447684                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       223840                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          510                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          421457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       671526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                671526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14450112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14450112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199878                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20608                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           423720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 423201     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    518      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             423720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          225783000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         335763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
