
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3465687116375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              112693716                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                208756816                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              309624696                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5556834305                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10293628552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12194688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12194816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        49408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           49408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         798743246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             798751630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3236188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3236188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3236188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        798743246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801987818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190545                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        772                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190545                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      772                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12188608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   49152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12194880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                49408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     98                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267397000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190545                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  772                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.960390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.212897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.661983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43662     44.94%     44.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43199     44.47%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8883      9.14%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1191      1.23%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          156      0.16%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3973.979167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3873.057347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    924.376351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.08%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5     10.42%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      4.17%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5     10.42%     27.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            7     14.58%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      6.25%     47.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.08%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7     14.58%     64.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            7     14.58%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      6.25%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      4.17%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.17%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      4.17%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               48    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4701985750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8272867000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  952235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24689.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43439.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       798.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    798.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93403                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     658                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79801.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352580340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187378125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               689716860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3732300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1631758380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24347520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5197039410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        87746400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9378993735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.317307                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11626177750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    228651500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122398375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11397526250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341099220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181298535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               670074720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 276660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1584895830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24589920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5207843760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       117868800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9333256485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.321551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11727454000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    307117000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3019687750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11421001375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1812824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1812824                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            85901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1458411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  66012                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10003                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1458411                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            749727                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          708684                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33325                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     863385                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      87088                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       160803                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1654                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1455891                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5956                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1495752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5486757                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1812824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            815739                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28849848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 175770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        49042                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1449935                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12190                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30486258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.362549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.519044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28402659     93.17%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   35922      0.12%     93.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  682643      2.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   40143      0.13%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  145368      0.48%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   85914      0.28%     96.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   96687      0.32%     96.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35415      0.12%     96.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  961507      3.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30486258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.059369                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.179689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  782302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28214382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1067316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               334373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 87885                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9163366                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 87885                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  892248                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26941095                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1210966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1331280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8758725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                72724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1036172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                229926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10419698                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24061243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11723912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59118                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3655271                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6764354                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           449                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2051347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1501479                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             125348                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8220497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6935                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5952230                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5182836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10399720                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6934                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30486258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.195243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.827759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28178188     92.43%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             863337      2.83%     95.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             470664      1.54%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             323790      1.06%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             350000      1.15%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             126424      0.41%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             102459      0.34%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              41847      0.14%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29549      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30486258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18226     72.35%     72.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1888      7.50%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4465     17.73%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  467      1.85%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               99      0.39%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              45      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            26194      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4881342     82.01%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1828      0.03%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17934      0.30%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23821      0.40%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              903634     15.18%     98.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              93494      1.57%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3845      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           138      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5952230                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.194933                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      25190                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42366671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13364577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5670337                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              57977                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             45698                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        26225                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5921381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  29845                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       964189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          224                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        72608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1098                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 87885                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24747510                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               275575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8227432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1501479                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              125348                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2542                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                70125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55888                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               99437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5824214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               862929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           128022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      949992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  677127                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     87063                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.190741                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5722860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5696562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4220908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6731733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.186560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.627017                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5183620                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            87884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29742271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.102364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.613566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28494292     95.80%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       553204      1.86%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       141890      0.48%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       355178      1.19%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72253      0.24%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        40677      0.14%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10728      0.04%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7145      0.02%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        66904      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29742271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1524138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3044530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        590014                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       537274                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    515623                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     21084                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3023237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6328      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2414524     79.31%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            372      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           15268      0.50%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         18024      0.59%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         534214     17.55%     98.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         52740      1.73%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3060      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3044530                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                66904                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37903517                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17202994                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          48430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1524138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3044530                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.034070                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.034070                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.049915                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.049915                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6079455                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4946946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    46213                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   23069                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3522100                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1587638                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2961030                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           253343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             443076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           253343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.748917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3859371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3859371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       393968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         393968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        51661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         51661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       445629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          445629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       445629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         445629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       454799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       454799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       455878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        455878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       455878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       455878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34863267500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34863267500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61520500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61520500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34924788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34924788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34924788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34924788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       848767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       848767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        52740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        52740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       901507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       901507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       901507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       901507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.535835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.535835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.505684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.505684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76656.429544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76656.429544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57016.218721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57016.218721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76609.943888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76609.943888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76609.943888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76609.943888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25427                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              861                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.531940                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       202535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       202535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       252279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       252279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       253343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       253343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19114209500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19114209500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19173342500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19173342500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19173342500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19173342500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.297230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020174                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020174                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75766.153742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75766.153742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55576.127820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55576.127820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75681.358869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75681.358869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75681.358869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75681.358869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 20                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   10                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5799742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5799742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1449933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1449933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1449933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1449933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1449933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1449933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1449935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1449935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1449935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1449935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1449935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1449935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190561                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      317408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.665650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.653664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.181078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.165258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4241881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4241881                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2365                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2365                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         62242                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             62242                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                62801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    62801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               62801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   62801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51430000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      51430000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18050708000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18050708000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18102138000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18102342500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18102138000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18102342500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2365                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2365                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       252280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        252280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           253344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               253346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          253344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              253346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474624                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.474624                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.753282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.752112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.752114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.752112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.752114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101841.584158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101841.584158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94984.729370                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94984.729370                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95002.902232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95002.978299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95002.902232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95002.978299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  772                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       772                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190038                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190038                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46380000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46380000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16150338000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16150338000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16196718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16196902500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16196718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16196902500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.752114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.752114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91841.584158                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91841.584158                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84984.781991                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84984.781991                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85002.954714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85003.030780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85002.954714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85003.030780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        381083                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190544                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       571627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       571627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12244224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12244224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12244224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190545    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           449410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1030779250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       506691                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       253345                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          492                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            252281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          440767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       252280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       760030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                760036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16365568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190561                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     49408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           443907                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 443389     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    513      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             443907                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          255712500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         380014500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
