
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2763389286625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               86943627                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                160872324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242428924                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    62.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5475410673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10131187171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11006208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11006336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       101184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          101184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          171972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              171974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1581                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1581                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         720898665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             720907049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6627479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6627479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6627479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        720898665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            727534528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      171974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1581                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    171974                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1581                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10992128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   14208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  101760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11006336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               101184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267373000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                171974                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1581                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  131646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   37216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        94972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    116.810850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.806012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.591624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48747     51.33%     51.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38377     40.41%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6835      7.20%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          829      0.87%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          107      0.11%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      0.04%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        94972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           99                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1734.919192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1657.960256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    537.183237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.01%      1.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      6.06%      7.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      3.03%     10.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           10     10.10%     20.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           13     13.13%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           12     12.12%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            8      8.08%     53.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      5.05%     58.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      7.07%     65.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            5      5.05%     70.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            8      8.08%     78.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            8      8.08%     86.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            3      3.03%     89.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            4      4.04%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      1.01%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            2      2.02%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      1.01%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      1.01%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      1.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            99                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           99                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.060606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.057209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.344584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               96     96.97%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      3.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            99                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4339986750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7560336750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  858760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25268.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44018.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       719.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         6.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    720.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    77045                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1328                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 44.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      87968.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                356007540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                189226290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               644035140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7156620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1585616880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24665280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5215482900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110753280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9338252970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.648817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11725685000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9690750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288575750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3021445500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11437772125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                322071120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                171192450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               582274140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1143180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1449985380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24778560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5313541710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       142280160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9212575740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            603.417049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12023666250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    370513500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2724031500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11653173125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2764851                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2764851                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           160975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2351161                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 141766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             20939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2351161                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1075385                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1275776                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        73400                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1396765                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     212155                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       214416                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3544                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2060844                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2141240                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       8943998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2764851                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1217151                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28069277                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 329120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        87970                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2049766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                29119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30468153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.593385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.926790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27208014     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   87653      0.29%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  852438      2.80%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   96690      0.32%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  226972      0.74%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  166980      0.55%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  152667      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   75956      0.25%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1600783      5.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30468153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.090548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.292913                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1265045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26718274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1872276                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               447998                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                164560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              15281332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                164560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1444958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25197393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         39837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2043593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1577812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              14531823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               112669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1185360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                289179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17201687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             39078305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        20036992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           141741                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5912991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                11288695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               644                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2517864                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2292639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             309256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            13896                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           14181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13407696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              17287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9978338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            19648                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8515368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15658687                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         17287                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30468153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.327501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.102207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26963198     88.50%     88.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1144980      3.76%     92.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             680793      2.23%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             484697      1.59%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             552884      1.81%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             271480      0.89%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             207240      0.68%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              97743      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              65138      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30468153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  42780     75.55%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4387      7.75%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7951     14.04%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  951      1.68%     99.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              532      0.94%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              26      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            56484      0.57%      0.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              8102868     81.20%     81.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5275      0.05%     81.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                43019      0.43%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              54257      0.54%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1476399     14.80%     97.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             228650      2.29%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          11327      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            59      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9978338                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.326787                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      56627                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          50364244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         21826042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9404977                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             136860                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            114318                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        60047                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9907893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  70588                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           17711                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1506075                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          692                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       183224                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          170                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1614                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                164560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22070410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               308561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13424983                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            10854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2292639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              309256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              6185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                85570                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         74776                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118088                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              192864                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9698970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1395614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           279368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1607718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1088867                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    212104                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.317638                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       9525157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      9465024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7070842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11412111                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.309976                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.619591                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8516608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           164553                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29214845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.168052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.823783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27378960     93.72%     93.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       752709      2.58%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       220172      0.75%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483716      1.66%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       118658      0.41%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        73804      0.25%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        28081      0.10%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        16684      0.06%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       142061      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29214845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2458117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4909615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        912596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       786564                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    766178                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     50468                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4858585                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               22225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        15242      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3900795     79.45%     79.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            889      0.02%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           36965      0.75%     80.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         43128      0.88%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         779224     15.87%     97.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        126032      2.57%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         7340      0.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4909615                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               142061                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42499007                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   28112603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          66535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2458117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4909615                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             12.421983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       12.421983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.080502                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.080502                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                10833981                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8205646                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   105358                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   52681                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5517594                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2691792                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4688258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           317594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             857151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           317594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.698889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6279990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6279990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       786097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         786097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       124547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        124547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       910644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          910644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       910644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         910644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       578470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       578470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       579955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        579955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       579955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       579955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34658077500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34658077500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    127495000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127495000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34785572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34785572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34785572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34785572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1364567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       126032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1490599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1490599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.423922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.389075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.389075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.389075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.389075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59913.353329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59913.353329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85855.218855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85855.218855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59979.778604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59979.778604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59979.778604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59979.778604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        38612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.429878                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       262345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       262345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       262361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       262361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       262361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       262361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       316125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       316125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       317594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       317594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       317594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       317594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18352821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18352821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124601500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124601500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18477422500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18477422500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18477422500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18477422500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58055.582444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58055.582444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84820.626276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84820.626276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58179.381537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58179.381537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58179.381537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58179.381537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               2000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 1000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8199066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8199066                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2049764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2049764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2049764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2049764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2049764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2049764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2049766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2049766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2049766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2049766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2049766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2049766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       196500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       196500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       196500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    172028                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      461635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    172028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.683488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.510088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.147491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.342421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1010                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5253564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5253564                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3721                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3721                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               271                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   271                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        145351                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            145351                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               145622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   145622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              145622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  145622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       170772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          170772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             171972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 171974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            171972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                171974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119660000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     119660000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16303466000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16303466000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16423126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16423319500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16423126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16423319500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3721                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3721                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       316123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        316123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           317594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               317596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          317594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              317596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.815772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.815772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.540207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.541484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.541487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.541484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.541487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99716.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99716.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95469.198698                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95469.198698                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95498.837020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95498.851571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95498.837020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95498.851571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1581                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1581                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           71                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            71                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170772                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       170772                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        171972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            171974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       171972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           171974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    107660000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107660000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14595746000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14595746000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14703406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14703579500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14703406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14703579500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.815772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.541487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.541487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89716.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89716.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85469.198698                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85469.198698                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85498.837020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85498.851571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85498.837020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85498.851571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        343950                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       171976                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             170774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           170395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        170774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       515924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       515924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 515924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11107520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11107520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11107520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            171974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  171974    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              171974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           405976500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          934202250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       635192                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       317596                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           87                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            123                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          116                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            316125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          484320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       316123                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       952782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                952788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20564160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20564416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          172028                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    101184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           489624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 489414     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    203      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             489624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          321319000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         476391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
