
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7542067997750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               77463500                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                144129836                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              200783826                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    76.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5890222127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10959444926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12830400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12830400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           344                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                344                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         840381922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             840381922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1442032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1442032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1442032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        840381922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            841823954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200475                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        344                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      344                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12827520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12830400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267342000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200475                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  344                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.170012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.664283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.328753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40454     41.30%     41.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45770     46.72%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10080     10.29%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1428      1.46%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          188      0.19%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9542.380952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9338.670900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1921.440410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.76%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.76%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     19.05%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      9.52%     52.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.52%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.76%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            4     19.05%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      9.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.047619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.046257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.218218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20     95.24%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4789493000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8547555500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1002150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23896.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42646.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       840.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    840.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102520                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     290                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76025.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351744960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186956880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               720840120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 715140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1660942950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24468480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5075903580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       165058080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9391939230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.165228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11561361875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    429850750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3185681500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11132399875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347668020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184793730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               710230080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1044000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1642109010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24473760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5088007530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       170720160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9374355330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.013495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11603041625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    444341750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144798250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11158738125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1565044                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1565044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            67868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1308060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  46501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1308060                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            652861                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          655199                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22882                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     715630                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      52768                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135593                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          772                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1274154                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5391                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1305390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4603336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1565044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            699362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29040302                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 139030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48906                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1268763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30467098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.303728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.391334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28691301     94.17%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26823      0.09%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  621866      2.04%     96.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28375      0.09%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  126827      0.42%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   65829      0.22%     97.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   80671      0.26%     97.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25711      0.08%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  799695      2.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30467098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.051255                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.150758                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  656013                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28584199                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   861836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               295535                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 69515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7506564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 69515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  746122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27326649                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   991037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1323756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7189092                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                72626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                973442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                309614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8553330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19922897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9461993                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29625                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2711577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5841740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               231                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           290                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1886540                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1291864                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              80915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5017                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6812293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4843                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4797380                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4554306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9318845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4843                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30467098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.157461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.724995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28503613     93.56%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             779325      2.56%     96.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             410626      1.35%     97.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             272517      0.89%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             300157      0.99%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              85784      0.28%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              73267      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24370      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17439      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30467098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9019     66.04%     66.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  890      6.52%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3454     25.29%     97.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  198      1.45%     99.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               80      0.59%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17653      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3951558     82.37%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1566      0.03%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7624      0.16%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11117      0.23%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              748584     15.60%     98.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              57298      1.19%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1922      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            58      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4797380                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.157112                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13657                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40053164                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11346553                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4592416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27359                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24894                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11956                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4779292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14092                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       860919                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          188                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        59469                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1093                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 69515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25271587                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               286931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6817136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1291864                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               80915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1762                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22058                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                90803                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35189                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        41554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               76743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4707311                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               715433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      768189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  541176                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     52756                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.154163                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4620318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4604372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3414229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5308874                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.150792                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.643117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4555275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            69511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29819395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.500771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28819249     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       469342      1.57%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106005      0.36%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       297143      1.00%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        58831      0.20%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27253      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5319      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3491      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32762      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29819395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1132284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2262817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        452390                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       430944                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    409550                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8564                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2254173                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2568      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1794193     79.29%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            151      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6195      0.27%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7320      0.32%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         429700     18.99%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21446      0.95%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1244      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2262817                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36604725                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14285477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            518                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          67590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1132284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2262817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.967340                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.967340                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4622157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4014874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    21278                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10583                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2787881                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1218766                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2467565                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             315127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.391959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3145275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3145275                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       298974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         298974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        20622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       319596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          319596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       319596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         319596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35457429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35457429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28755500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28755500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35486184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35486184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35486184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35486184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       708275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       708275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       729721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       729721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       729721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       729721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.577884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.562030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.562030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.562030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.562030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86629.226413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86629.226413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34897.451456                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34897.451456                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86525.289851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86525.289851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86525.289851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86525.289851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19014                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              744                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.556452                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19500541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19500541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27532000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27532000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19528073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19528073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19528073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19528073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.318478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86450.064282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86450.064282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33575.609756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33575.609756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86258.549406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86258.549406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86258.549406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86258.549406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5075052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5075052                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1268763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1268763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1268763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1268763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1268763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1268763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1268763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1268763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1268763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1268763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1268763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1268763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200485                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      249407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.244018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.800505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.199495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3820621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3820621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1956                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1956                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                25915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               25915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             199                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 199                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19515000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19515000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18872685000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18872685000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18892200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18892200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18892200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18892200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1956                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1956                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           820                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               820                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        225570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242683                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.242683                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.887866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.885529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.885529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98065.326633                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98065.326633                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94233.382932                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94233.382932                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94237.186682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94237.186682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94237.186682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94237.186682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  344                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       344                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200276                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200276                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17525000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17525000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16869905000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16869905000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16887430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16887430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16887430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16887430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.885529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.885529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88065.326633                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88065.326633                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84233.283069                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84233.283069                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84237.086919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84237.086919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84237.086919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84237.086919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        400937                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200474                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           200118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       601414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       601414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 601414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12852544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12852544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12852544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200475                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200475    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200475                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           471364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1082401500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       452781                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226388                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          501                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             23                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           19                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            225571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2300                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       225570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       679172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                679172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14614208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14614208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200485                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001230                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426354     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    517      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          228346500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         339586500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
