
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6244343747125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               74898903                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                139183730                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              197437874                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    77.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5791729711                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10762704254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        25664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           25664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821920558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821920558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1680973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1680973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1680973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821920558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823601531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196070                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        401                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196070                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      401                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12545536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12548480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                25664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267290000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196070                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  401                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.753250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.727805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.887611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41723     42.74%     42.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44868     45.96%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9529      9.76%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1320      1.35%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          145      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7866.560000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7682.185463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1679.500821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     12.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      8.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      8.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     12.00%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     12.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     12.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4760605000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8436055000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  980120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24285.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43035.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98447                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     342                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77707.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350224140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186121980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               702090480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2035800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1644101730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24564480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5133695310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       129405120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1222140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9378770220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.302667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11597862000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9778000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      2791000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    336792750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3149801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11258315125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346889760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184364895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               697528020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  52200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1630800210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24478560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5143431480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       133565280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9365804805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.453442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11625286250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    347447750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122358500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11278331875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1413467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1413467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            61118                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1185090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  43355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6815                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1185090                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            596138                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          588952                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21526                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     684578                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      50946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140625                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          795                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1150909                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6027                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1177398                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4164332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1413467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            639493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29159522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 126096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55032                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1144882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6747                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30458313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.275479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.325204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28842174     94.69%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23860      0.08%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  565776      1.86%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25832      0.08%     96.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  116736      0.38%     97.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   65070      0.21%     97.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81148      0.27%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   23194      0.08%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  714523      2.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30458313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046291                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.136380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  590868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28751098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   762436                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               290863                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 63048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6901776                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 63048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  678696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27510979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   892296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1298917                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6617512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                77535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                988708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                267382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7887001                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18315136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8711294                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34313                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2822915                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5064087                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               267                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1858552                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1174399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3937                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6274357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4551831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3928456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7941032                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4296                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30458313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.149445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.703448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28559717     93.77%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             779400      2.56%     96.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             398187      1.31%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             266498      0.87%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             262624      0.86%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              83138      0.27%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              67724      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24167      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16858      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30458313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9753     64.45%     64.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  977      6.46%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4014     26.53%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  229      1.51%     98.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              153      1.01%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17506      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3740175     82.17%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1285      0.03%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9048      0.20%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12406      0.27%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              713695     15.68%     98.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              55021      1.21%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2664      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            31      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4551831                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.149071                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15132                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003324                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39551783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10177373                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4361329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              31504                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             29738                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13626                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4533213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16244                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4100                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       736132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          148                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        49837                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1122                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 63048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25579572                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               262968                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6278653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1174399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1603                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17540                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                64821                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        38548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               70287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4467837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               684337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            83994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      735267                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  541161                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     50930                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.146320                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4390854                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4374955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3187361                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5090085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.143278                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626190                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3929167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            63046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29899851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.511670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28865784     96.54%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       477268      1.60%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117686      0.39%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       315365      1.05%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        51646      0.17%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25483      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5856      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3777      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36986      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29899851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1176628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2350197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        463744                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       438267                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    420722                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10260                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2339828                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3109      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1866828     79.43%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            180      0.01%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7576      0.32%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8760      0.37%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         436767     18.58%     98.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25477      1.08%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1500      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2350197                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36986                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36142229                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13118741                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          76375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1176628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2350197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.951013                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.951013                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4543469                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3788502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24172                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12062                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2824613                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1231868                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2336073                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           229161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             293471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.280632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3036369                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3036369                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       268365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         268365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       292943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          292943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       292943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         292943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       407960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       407960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       408859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        408859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       408859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       408859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34514584500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34514584500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35099000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35099000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34549683500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34549683500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34549683500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34549683500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       676325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       676325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       701802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       701802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       701802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       701802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.603201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.603201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.582585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.582585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84602.864251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84602.864251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39042.269188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39042.269188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84502.685522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84502.685522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84502.685522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84502.685522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.702740                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       179697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       179697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       179698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       179698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       179698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       179698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       229161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       229161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19238575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19238575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34104000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34104000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19272679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19272679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19272679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19272679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84282.494316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84282.494316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37977.728285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37977.728285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84101.042499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84101.042499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84101.042499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84101.042499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4579528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4579528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1144882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1144882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1144882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1144882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1144882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1144882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1144882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1144882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1144882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196079                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      257248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.311961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.749812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.250188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3860311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3860311                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               647                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   647                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         32444                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             32444                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                33091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    33091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               33091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   33091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25678000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25678000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18530049500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18530049500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18555727500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18555727500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18555727500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18555727500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           898                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               898                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        228263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           229161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               229161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          229161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              229161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279510                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.279510                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.855599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.855599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.855599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.855599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102302.788845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102302.788845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94628.455359                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94628.455359                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94638.279696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94638.279696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94638.279696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94638.279696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  401                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       401                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195819                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195819                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23168000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23168000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16571849500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16571849500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16595017500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16595017500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16595017500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16595017500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.855599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.855599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92302.788845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92302.788845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84628.404292                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84628.404292                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84638.228694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84638.228694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84638.228694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84638.228694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392132                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196070                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       588203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       588203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 588203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12574208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12574208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12574208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196070    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           463045500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1059665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       458322                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       229159                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          545                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            228263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          422718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       228263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       687483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                687483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14802048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14802048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196079                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     25664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           425240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 424681     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    558      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             425240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          231282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         343741500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
