
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10610804166875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115630186                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                216121352                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283637079                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6224028554                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11633170720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9997056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10021952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9949120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9949120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1630670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654799939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656430609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1630670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1630670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651660166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651660166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651660166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1630670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654799939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308090774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156593                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155455                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156593                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155455                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10021952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9949504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10021952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9949120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267317000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156593                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155455                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    729.817504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   563.587073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.288012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2199      8.04%      8.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2440      8.92%     16.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1730      6.32%     23.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1539      5.62%     28.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1459      5.33%     34.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1367      5.00%     39.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1205      4.40%     43.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1584      5.79%     49.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13842     50.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.131349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.082613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.549231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             32      0.33%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           118      1.22%      1.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9400     96.84%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           106      1.09%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            24      0.25%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.248212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9670     99.61%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2881949000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5818067750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18404.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37154.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141706                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48926.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98482020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52344435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561896580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407039940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1518959940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60476640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2103658530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       299530080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1578905160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7430622285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.700386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11778538000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40456250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6385301500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    780026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130778750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4613222875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96904080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51505740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556177440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404492580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506120120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             70387680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2070557490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       322542720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1582507260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7409211990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.298028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11716933750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63229250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6400498875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    839962500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3105950250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4540641250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1316580                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1316580                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1307139                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1307139                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1265727                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41412                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5430                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351014                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1298803                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          872                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2676                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      54456                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          337                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             79679                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5758230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1316580                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1270211                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30409229                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1420                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    54219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.380594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.653597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28817046     94.49%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39876      0.13%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42877      0.14%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224964      0.74%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27858      0.09%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9280      0.03%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9869      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25228      0.08%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1301681      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188580                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  420624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28614822                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   644424                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               810738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8071                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11535071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8071                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  698655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283182                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15695                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1175861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28317215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11496131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28024465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14635776                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24328676                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13223794                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306453                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14328561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  307221                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4988324                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363031                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1307835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11424676                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                989                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11353596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         199172                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       288025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           862                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.372265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.248717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27417224     89.90%     89.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470446      1.54%     91.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             558625      1.83%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347626      1.14%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             327827      1.07%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1066183      3.50%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119741      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165703      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25304      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73381     94.24%     94.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  474      0.61%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   746      0.96%     95.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  235      0.30%     96.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2781      3.57%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             247      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4793      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9612885     84.67%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 121      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  340      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80759      0.71%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307484      2.71%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1258822     11.09%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46757      0.41%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41635      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11353596                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.371826                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77864                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52908414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11415468                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11141943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             377734                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            209595                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184897                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11236112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 190555                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2654                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          241                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15056                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          595                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8071                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  57024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               180461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11425665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363031                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1307835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               432                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               179886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           241                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7692                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9795                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11335406                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1649634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1285086                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1298781                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.371230                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11330573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11326840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8266125                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11602549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.370950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712440                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         199397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7900                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27480927     90.20%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339089      1.11%     91.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323415      1.06%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1146374      3.76%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64022      0.21%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       729549      2.39%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72461      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22265      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288375      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5547708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11226495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1628853                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336074                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1277145                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180921                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11131497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2362      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9516302     84.77%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78613      0.70%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         291755      2.60%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1251783     11.15%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44319      0.39%     99.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11226495                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288375                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41603994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22884576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5547708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11226495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.504019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.504019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181685                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181685                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12964459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8599247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283557                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142607                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6408488                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5701249                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4227971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1470244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.409321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6715830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6715830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1138050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1138050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1481162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1481162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1481162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1481162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    364763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    364763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13955979498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13955979498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14320742498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14320742498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14320742498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14320742498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1292791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1292791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1639894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1639894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1639894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1639894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.119695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91396.391882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91396.391882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90189.280785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90189.280785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90219.631190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90219.631190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90219.631190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90219.631190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12783                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              162                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    78.907407                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          632                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13800477998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13800477998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13959882498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13959882498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13959882498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13959882498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104322.316754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104322.316754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89190.706379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89190.706379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89338.673847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89338.673847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89338.673847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89338.673847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.192175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1862026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2656.242511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.192175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           217583                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          217583                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        53345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        53345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           53345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        53345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          53345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63939997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63939997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63939997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63939997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63939997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63939997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        54219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        54219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        54219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        54219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        54219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73157.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73157.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73157.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73157.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73157.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73157.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           74                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47861500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47861500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47861500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47861500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47861500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47861500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67696.605375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67696.605375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67696.605375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67696.605375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67696.605375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67696.605375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157206                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.598576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.024317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16299.377107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2668310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2668310                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            314                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                314                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          389                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              389                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1495                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1495                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13568121000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13568121000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43483000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43483000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    156691000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    156691000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13724812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13768295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13724812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13768295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154726                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154726                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          703                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            703                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.553343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978403                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978403                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.553343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.553343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87701.482793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87701.482793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111781.491003                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111781.491003                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104810.033445                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104810.033445                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111781.491003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87865.226660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87924.638551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111781.491003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87865.226660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87924.638551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155455                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155455                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          389                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1495                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1495                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12021041000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12021041000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39593000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39593000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    141741000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141741000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12162782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12202375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12162782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12202375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77701.482793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77701.482793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101781.491003                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101781.491003                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94810.033445                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94810.033445                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101781.491003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77865.226660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77924.638551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101781.491003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77865.226660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77924.638551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313282                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156707                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19971008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19971008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19971008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156593    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313920                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156955                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          123                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            596                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          596                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19930944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20020800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157210                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9949376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313452     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    719      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1060500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234383499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
