
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4564935893375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71640511                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                132890424                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              193368829                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    78.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5656340071                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10492298019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12438656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12438656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         814722973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             814722973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2255271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2255271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2255271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        814722973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            816978244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194356                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        538                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      538                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12434496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12438784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267369000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194356                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  538                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.072306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.976793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.309702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42425     43.57%     43.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44107     45.30%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9330      9.58%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1303      1.34%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      0.16%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5777.088235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5688.612491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1029.965412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      2.94%      2.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      8.82%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4     11.76%     23.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            8     23.53%     47.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            7     20.59%     67.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     14.71%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      8.82%     91.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      2.94%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      2.94%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.088235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.081075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.514496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               33     97.06%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4743868000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8386786750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  971445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24416.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43166.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    814.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97011                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     466                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78336.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351595020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186888570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700084140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2855340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1639563960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24518880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5154363510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       116939040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9382117500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.521912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11607994500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    304524500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139575250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11303934375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343548240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182607810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               687139320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1609280430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24107520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5227689450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        81104160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9360785970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.124712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11674803000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    211535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3073105125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11463267750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1619766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1619766                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            72182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1269466                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  52814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1269466                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            682310                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          587156                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25175                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     774039                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      67246                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149844                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1076                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1327707                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6318                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1359749                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4820155                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1619766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            735124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28991377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 148572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        53416                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1321389                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8681                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30482613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.318085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.423046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28628798     93.92%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   28752      0.09%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  638770      2.10%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31982      0.10%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  131794      0.43%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   69777      0.23%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87829      0.29%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28511      0.09%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  836400      2.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30482613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053047                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.157858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  689789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28494426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   912718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               311394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 74286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7981745                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 74286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  786904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27234943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16501                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1049055                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1320924                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7645197                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                71850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1004780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                261483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9089783                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21117061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10129564                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            43960                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3163390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5926393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           320                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1961608                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1350486                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              96674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5125                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7225167                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5200060                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4591383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9315961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5250                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30482613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.170591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.761959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28393381     93.15%     93.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             811589      2.66%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             435795      1.43%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             297153      0.97%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             310013      1.02%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              98720      0.32%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              82355      0.27%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31216      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22391      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30482613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12682     70.73%     70.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1401      7.81%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3430     19.13%     97.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  332      1.85%     99.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               54      0.30%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              30      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21464      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4266352     82.04%     82.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1386      0.03%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12031      0.23%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17386      0.33%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              806789     15.51%     98.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              72014      1.38%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2562      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            76      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5200060                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170300                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17929                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003448                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40865100                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11787171                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4973139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              41870                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             34632                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18853                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5175010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21515                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       866175                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          181                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        61344                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           56                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1177                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25175141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7230417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1350486                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               96674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1903                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18635                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                69417                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               82986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5101137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               773738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            98923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      840961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  599832                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     67223                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.167060                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5011978                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4991992                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3679349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5830547                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.163486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4592188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            74284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29825418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.558388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28706903     96.25%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       507962      1.70%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124172      0.42%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       328407      1.10%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62260      0.21%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32416      0.11%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7500      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4997      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50801      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29825418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1320444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2639034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        519641                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       484311                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    463387                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14088                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2624811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4215      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2092744     79.30%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            249      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10137      0.38%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12048      0.46%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         482271     18.27%     98.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         35330      1.34%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2040      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2639034                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                50801                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37005839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15121553                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            405                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          52075                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1320444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2639034                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.124561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.124561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5210756                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4332171                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    33487                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16699                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3113031                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1367151                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2643393                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             364784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.504698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3435666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3435666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       329424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         329424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        34320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       363744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          363744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       363744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         363744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       433555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       433555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       434565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        434565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       434565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       434565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34883441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34883441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34928241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34928241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34928241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34928241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       762979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       762979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        35330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       798309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       798309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       798309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       798309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.568240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.568240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.544357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.544357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.544357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.544357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80459.090542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80459.090542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44356.435644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44356.435644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80375.182079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80375.182079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80375.182079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80375.182079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21863                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.540888                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       192130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       192134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       192134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19268793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19268793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43487500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43487500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028474                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028474                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79812.751372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79812.751372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43228.131213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43228.131213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79660.938576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79660.938576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79660.938576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79660.938576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5285556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5285556                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1321389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1321389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1321389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1321389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1321389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1321389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1321389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1321389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1321389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1321389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1321389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1321389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194365                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      287938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.481429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.676544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.323456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4070957                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4070957                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2310                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2310                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         47406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             47406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34648000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34648000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18380171000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18380171000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18414819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18414819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18414819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18414819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2310                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2310                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241425                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241425                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.334990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.803641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.801696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.801696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.801696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.801696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102813.056380                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102813.056380                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94733.871425                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94733.871425                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94747.880179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94747.880179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94747.880179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94747.880179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194019                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194019                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31278000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31278000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16439991000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16439991000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16471269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16471269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16471269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16471269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.801696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.801696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92813.056380                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92813.056380                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84733.922966                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84733.922966                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84747.931631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84747.931631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84747.931631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84747.931631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388704                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194355                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12473152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12473152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12473152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194356    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1050559750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       484861                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242432                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          551                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          433947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       727291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                727291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15663360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15663360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194365                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           436796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436226     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    570      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             436796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244740500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         363645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
