
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               427485635500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3063398                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5786018                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48505609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   314.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   964217367                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1821173265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             252224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       220480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          220480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3445                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3445                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16516298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16520490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14441281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14441281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14441281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16516298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30961770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3941                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3445                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3941                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 252224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  221440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  252224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               220480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266486000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3941                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3445                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.896469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.608560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.248424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4051     88.86%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          199      4.36%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           76      1.67%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           56      1.23%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      0.68%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           43      0.94%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.75%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      0.77%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           34      0.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.402062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.200110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.335039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             5      2.58%      2.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            68     35.05%     37.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            96     49.48%     87.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            15      7.73%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             1      0.52%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             2      1.03%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.52%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             4      2.06%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.835052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.826028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.551595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               15      7.73%      7.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.55%      9.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              175     90.21%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    322510500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               396404250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     81834.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               100584.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       52                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2790                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2066949.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13651680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7256040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11838120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6916500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1066400400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            377297250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             49595520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2481354210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1927610880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1082900220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7025568900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            460.169683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14306868625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     88353250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     452918000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3847725750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5019968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     416841250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5441537875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18899580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10045365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16300620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               11144700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1143230400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            469765500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             43954560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3036535350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1960240800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        685954980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7398073155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.568442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14112098875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     69577250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     484992000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2354387000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5104876375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     594466500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6659045000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13259490                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13259490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1078373                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11137553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 984632                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            208886                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11137553                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3641518                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7496035                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       777228                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9981213                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7510022                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       130680                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        44350                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8975218                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9690309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59745286                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13259490                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4626150                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19684189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2174116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        64974                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8960844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               269752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.742610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.577129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12318593     40.34%     40.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  855233      2.80%     43.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1259243      4.12%     47.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1418938      4.65%     51.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1120366      3.67%     55.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1121675      3.67%     59.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1036551      3.39%     62.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  891831      2.92%     65.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10511992     34.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434243                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.956636                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8593938                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4240617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15660875                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               951934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1087058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108769297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1087058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9362218                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3239187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21045                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15779727                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1045187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103711461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 68062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    66                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                919658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110290632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261082651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155702150                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3211136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68818489                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41472193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1052                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1365                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   955319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11876602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8895565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           498965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          202524                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93431462                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              64596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83391078                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           442268                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29076782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42267927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         64573                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.731051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.523089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9747821     31.92%     31.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2850781      9.34%     41.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3076287     10.07%     51.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3117217     10.21%     61.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3165043     10.37%     71.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2791480      9.14%     81.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3107537     10.18%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1652770      5.41%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1025486      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 797538     73.70%     73.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14116      1.30%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 99195      9.17%     84.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84122      7.77%     91.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              488      0.05%     91.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86629      8.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           511137      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63192654     75.78%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73675      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85979      0.10%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1177133      1.41%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10113778     12.13%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7561797      9.07%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         399051      0.48%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        275874      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83391078                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.731028                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1082088                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012976                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194881233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119455704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77892806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3959701                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3118266                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1797635                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81965022                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1997007                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1270066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4167625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10262                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2729                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2573141                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           88                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1087058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3291578                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93496058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11876602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8895565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             22743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2493                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2729                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        298403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1129089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1427492                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80828975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9974422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2562103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17476789                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8760302                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7502367                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.647120                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80288253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79690441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55678419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87246089                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.609833                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638177                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29077286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1086339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26158702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.462634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.740890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9312402     35.60%     35.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3798009     14.52%     50.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2636858     10.08%     60.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3576366     13.67%     73.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1136179      4.34%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1143181      4.37%     82.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       809187      3.09%     85.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       469426      1.79%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3277094     12.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26158702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34008434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64419300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14031404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7708978                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7493132                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1313718                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63432453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              466562                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       261640      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49002685     76.07%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54738      0.08%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76461      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        992372      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7431348     11.54%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6322426      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       277630      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64419300                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3277094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116378194                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191454845                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             28                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34008434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64419300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.897856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.897856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.113764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.113764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116810136                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62430812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2534520                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1254949                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40709109                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21304955                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35514012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             972491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           180.592572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59629517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59629517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8575663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8575663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6322262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6322262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14897925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14897925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14897925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14897925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    219346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    504534500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    504534500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    723880500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    723880500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    723880500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    723880500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8580409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8580409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6325624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6325624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14906033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14906033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14906033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14906033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46217.024863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46217.024863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150069.750149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150069.750149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89279.785397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89279.785397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89279.785397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89279.785397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124894500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124894500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    496820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    621714500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621714500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    621714500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    621714500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60805.501461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60805.501461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149105.642257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149105.642257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115431.581879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115431.581879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115431.581879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115431.581879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             253515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           241.213130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35844428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35844428                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8959764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8959764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8959764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8959764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8959764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8959764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8960844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8960844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8960844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8960844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8960844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8960844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12886.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12886.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12886.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12886.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12886.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12886.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12067.490494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12067.490494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12067.490494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12067.490494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12067.490494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12067.490494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3945                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.246134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.959273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        27.371972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16299.668755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    106841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   106841                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1050                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1050                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1441                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1441                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    491748500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     491748500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    106594500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    106594500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    598343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        598433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    598343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       598433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1051                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1051                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998799                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998799                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000951                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000951                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.298442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.731662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.612337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.731662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.612337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147805.380222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147805.380222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 173889.885808                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173889.885808                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151863.705584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151848.008120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151863.705584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151848.008120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3445                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3445                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    458478500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458478500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    100464500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100464500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    558943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    558943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.731662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.612337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.731662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.612337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137805.380222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137805.380222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163889.885808                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163889.885808                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141863.705584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141848.008120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141863.705584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141848.008120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7886                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3949                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       472704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       472704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  472704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3942    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21719750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12874                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6436                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       134528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       601792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 736320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3946                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    220544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10362     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     21      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8078499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
