
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10961953081750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               47645093                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 89241029                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              114027289                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   133.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6379296852                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11948660866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           2368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10335168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10337536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         2368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          2368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      7107904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7107904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          161487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              161524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        111061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             111061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            155102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         676946030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             677101133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       155102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           155102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       465562572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            465562572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       465562572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           155102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        676946030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1142663705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      161523                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     111061                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    161523                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   111061                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10332928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7108416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10337472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              7107904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              7124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              7070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              7060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              6787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              6963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              7273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              7120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              7301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              6972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             6541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             6729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             6831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             6712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             7001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             6923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267305000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                161523                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               111061                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  138363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   13411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    7256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   6517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   6866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   6972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   7006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   7022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   7021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   7022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   7035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   7042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   7045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   7126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   7397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   7018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   6965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        74750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    233.336722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   128.685460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   301.148399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43984     58.84%     58.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11840     15.84%     74.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4064      5.44%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2420      3.24%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1433      1.92%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2235      2.99%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1747      2.34%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1399      1.87%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5628      7.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        74750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.289197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.141684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     15.963511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           6029     86.96%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           896     12.92%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             6      0.09%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          6933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.020338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.018868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.229821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6866     99.03%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      0.33%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               24      0.35%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.14%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               10      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          6933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3611880250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6639105250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  807260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22371.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41121.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       676.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       465.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    677.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    465.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   128292                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   69488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                62.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      56009.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                273176400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                145208085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               584173380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              295963560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         983424000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1661602440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59561280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3628411380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       169223040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        757387380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8558204205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            560.556187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11464947625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24390750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     416294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3070477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    440661500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3358480250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7957040375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                260474340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                138468165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               568593900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              283816620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1655439030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             59355840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3609030810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       169944000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        771061620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8496593415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            556.520725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11482131750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     415018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3125185750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    442531750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3345728875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7914451750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4461355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4461355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            21194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3818615                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 309357                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               137                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3818615                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1678898                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2139717                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2473                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4663055                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2721700                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        31133                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           79                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2349081                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           12                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2364759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      18356604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4461355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1988255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28145668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  42518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2349074                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 3779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30531736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.246710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.692031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                24407246     79.94%     79.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  409253      1.34%     81.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  241103      0.79%     82.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  310794      1.02%     83.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  377686      1.24%     84.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  733365      2.40%     86.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  578674      1.90%     88.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  198139      0.65%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3275476     10.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30531736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.146108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.601172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1591794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23518020                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4249560                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1151103                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 21259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              37579296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 21259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2019856                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21244747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1408                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4858222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2386244                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              37464699                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               588523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1138921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                356197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 21297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           42067897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             96703895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        55653209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               18                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             40857764                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1210119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                39                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            44                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5675744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4644943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2767509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           125728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           36487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  37301772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                929                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37116629                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         893969                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1290352                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           785                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30531736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.215674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.143547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           21078472     69.04%     69.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1230722      4.03%     73.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1683237      5.51%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1442975      4.73%     83.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1420057      4.65%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1323661      4.34%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1006228      3.30%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             916465      3.00%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             429919      1.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30531736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 648855     93.49%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 25759      3.71%     97.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                19407      2.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            25880      0.07%      0.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29682612     79.97%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   4      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4677060     12.60%     92.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2731073      7.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37116629                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.215556                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     694021                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         105467394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         38196738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36936678                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              37784770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1156880                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147758                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          179                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       110606                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 21259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7668157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               278180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37302701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4644943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2767509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               340                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                116161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               147090                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         12164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               26155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             37065828                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4663033                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            50801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7384730                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4313407                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2721697                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.213892                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      36940134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     36936678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27767340                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 47775142                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.209663                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.581209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         894847                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            21195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30399822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.197662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.734080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24848015     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       376500      1.24%     82.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       198547      0.65%     83.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       525514      1.73%     85.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211338      0.70%     86.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78339      0.26%     86.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167315      0.55%     86.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       136392      0.45%     87.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3857862     12.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30399822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            17408750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              36408713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       7145104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4497190                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         96                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4276991                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 36391421                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              307333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17196      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        29246413     80.33%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4497190     12.35%     92.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2647914      7.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         36408713                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3857862                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    63845520                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   74739958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             21                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           2952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   17408750                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36408713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.753985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.753985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.570130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.570130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                54898097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29878662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 24251798                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                11522331                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16213971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           214585                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1719513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           214585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.013202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24431349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24431349                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3093178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3093178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2646781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2646781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5739959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5739959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5739959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5739959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       313099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       313099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       314232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        314232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       314232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       314232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21332833500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21332833500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    113545948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    113545948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21446379448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21446379448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21446379448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21446379448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3406277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3406277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2647914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2647914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6054191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6054191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6054191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6054191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000428                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000428                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68134.467054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68134.467054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100217.076787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100217.076787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68250.144632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68250.144632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68250.144632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68250.144632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       985005                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            32910                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.930264                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       161974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           161974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        99589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        99650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        99650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       213510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       213510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       214582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       214582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15688844500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15688844500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    109415955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109415955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15798260455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15798260455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15798260455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15798260455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73480.607466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73480.607466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102067.122201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102067.122201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73623.418810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73623.418810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73623.418810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73623.418810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               37                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             164202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               37                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4437.891892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9396333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9396333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2349023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2349023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2349023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2349023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2349023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2349023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2349074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2349074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2349074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2349074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2349074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2349074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106039.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106039.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106039.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106039.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106039.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106039.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4487500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4487500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4487500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4487500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4487500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4487500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121283.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121283.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121283.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121283.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121283.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121283.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    161562                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      284040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    161562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.758087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        4.243974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         4.016618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16375.739408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3595266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3595266                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       161974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           161974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           37                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               37                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53069                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53069                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                53098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               53098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               37                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       160441                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          160441                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             161484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 161521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            161484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                161521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    107369000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     107369000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4430500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      4430500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14786338500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14786338500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4430500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14893707500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      14898138000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4430500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14893707500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     14898138000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       161974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       161974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           37                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           37                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             37                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       213510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        213510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           214582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               214619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          214582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              214619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.972948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.751445                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.751445                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.752551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.752594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.752551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.752594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102942.473634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102942.473634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119743.243243                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119743.243243                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92160.597977                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92160.597977                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119743.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92230.236432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92236.538902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119743.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92230.236432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92236.538902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               111062                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    111062                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       160441                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       160441                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        161484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            161521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       161484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           161521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96939000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96939000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4060500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4060500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13181898500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13181898500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4060500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13278837500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13282898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4060500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13278837500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13282898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.751445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.752594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.752594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92942.473634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92942.473634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109743.243243                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109743.243243                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82160.410992                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82160.410992                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109743.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82230.050655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82236.353168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109743.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82230.050655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82236.353168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        323037                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       161514                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             160481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       111061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            50453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        160480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       484561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       484561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 484561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17445440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     17445440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17445440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            161523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  161523    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              161523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           808390500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          855828250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       429241                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       214621                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             55                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           55                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            213550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       273036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           37                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          103111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            37                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       213510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       643752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                643863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24099776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               24104512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          161562                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   7107968                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           376181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 376081     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    100      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             376181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          376631500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             55500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         321877500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
