
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               488555012000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3353230                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6335675                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46398227                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   329.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1103380875                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2084754663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         259904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             259968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       221696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          221696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          17023524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              17027716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14520928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14520928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14520928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         17023524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31548644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4062                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3464                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4062                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3464                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 259968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  221376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  259968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               221696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15263476000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4062                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3464                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.821017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.115693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   142.650004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4118     87.95%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          227      4.85%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          102      2.18%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           67      1.43%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      1.00%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      0.81%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.60%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.41%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           36      0.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.886598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.712797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.061972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             3      1.55%      1.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            39     20.10%     21.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           112     57.73%     79.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            21     10.82%     90.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            10      5.15%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.06%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             2      1.03%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.52%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.829897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.821060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.545289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               15      7.73%      7.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.55%      9.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              176     90.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    371068500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               447231000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     91351.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               110101.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        17.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     17.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2777                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2028099.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 14065800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7479945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                12466440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8628660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1331310240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            461891520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60320160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3139172400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2506513440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        337998060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7881219555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            516.214182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14093893375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    105098000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     565194000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    682748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6527331000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     502673750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6884298625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19356540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10288245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16536240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9427320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1250177760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            490649160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46051200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3419318850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2153762400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        348475980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7765202535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            508.615151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14042868125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     69374750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     530238000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    961584250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5608755625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     598935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7498456500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13168398                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13168398                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1019489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10999468                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 968789                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            203475                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10999468                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3792668                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7206800                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       720449                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10109228                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7652642                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       115392                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        36652                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9010689                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14454                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9696536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59452115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13168398                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4761457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19738847                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2055686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62791                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8996236                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               247769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.721783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.570066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12365517     40.50%     40.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  846402      2.77%     43.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1271492      4.16%     47.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1435237      4.70%     52.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1132459      3.71%     55.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1142379      3.74%     59.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1051581      3.44%     63.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  918484      3.01%     66.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10370827     33.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431260                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.947035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8680275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4191873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15718550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               915837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1027843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108384265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1027843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9408750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3066072                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19439                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15846984                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1165290                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103597678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 73692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    84                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1034200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110253059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261148468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155844784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3145235                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70923836                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39329214                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1617                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   961343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11895804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8985334                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           510902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          203643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93968545                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              58061                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84434057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           435299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27643397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40130463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         58037                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.765213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.511003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9419807     30.85%     30.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2870015      9.40%     40.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3178406     10.41%     50.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3204633     10.50%     61.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3223133     10.56%     71.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2826847      9.26%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3141246     10.29%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1643240      5.38%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1027051      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 796979     72.35%     72.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15965      1.45%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                107028      9.72%     83.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                90796      8.24%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1001      0.09%     91.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           89798      8.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           500074      0.59%      0.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63997559     75.80%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75290      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                88803      0.11%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1181467      1.40%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10238315     12.13%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7683653      9.10%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         384127      0.45%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        284769      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84434057                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.765185                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1101567                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013046                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196974167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118640109                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79166978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3965187                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3031006                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1801760                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              83033389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2002161                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1306364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3943339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11286                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2471018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1027843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3119788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           94026606                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11895804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8985334                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20756                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   112                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3158                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        295243                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1043977                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1339220                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             82035999                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10102034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2398054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17747946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8921821                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7645912                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.686649                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81521635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80968738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56596855                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88876834                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.651697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.636801                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27644362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1027137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26388789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.515584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.749136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9082019     34.42%     34.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3856774     14.62%     49.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2714255     10.29%     59.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3694486     14.00%     73.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1145348      4.34%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1188370      4.50%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       843566      3.20%     85.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       481940      1.83%     87.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3382031     12.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26388789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            35049923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66383208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14466784                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7952467                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7716338                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1353348                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 65366603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              480609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       269523      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50489442     76.06%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56380      0.08%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78771      0.12%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1022308      1.54%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7666461     11.55%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6514317      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       286006      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66383208                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3382031                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   117034328                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192282079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             37                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            311                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   35049923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66383208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.871177                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.871177                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.147872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.147872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118978131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63387664                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2545899                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1252517                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41628781                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21735084                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               36012276                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3410745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           648.060992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60825463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60825463                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8683156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8683156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6514134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6514134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15197290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15197290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15197290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15197290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    591138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    591138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    754561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    754561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    754561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    754561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8687450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8687450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6517600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6517600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15205050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15205050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15205050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15205050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38058.453656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38058.453656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 170553.375649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170553.375649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97237.242268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97237.242268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97237.242268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97237.242268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90449500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90449500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    585525500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585525500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    675975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    675975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    675975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    675975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49834.435262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49834.435262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 169766.743984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169766.743984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128414.703647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128414.703647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128414.703647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128414.703647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             782521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           604.263320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35986240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35986240                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8994892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8994892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8994892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8994892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8994892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8994892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8996236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8996236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8996236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8996236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8996236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8996236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12810.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12810.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12810.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15624500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15624500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15624500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15624500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15624500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15624500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12055.941358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12055.941358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12055.941358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12055.941358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12055.941358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12055.941358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4071                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.200688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.924250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        26.629394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16303.446356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    108895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   108895                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1295                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1295                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1294                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1294                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1190                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1190                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1202                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    580283500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     580283500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     75068500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     75068500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    655352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        655441500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    655352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       655441500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1295                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1295                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1295                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1295                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1814                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1814                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000772                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000772                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.343991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.771613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.619396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.771613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.619396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168834.303171                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168834.303171                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120302.083333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120302.083333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161377.000739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161359.305761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161377.000739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161359.305761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    545913500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545913500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68828500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68828500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    614742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    614821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    614742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    614821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.619396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.619396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158834.303171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158834.303171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110302.083333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110302.083333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151377.000739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151359.305761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151377.000739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151359.305761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8133                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4072                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       481664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       481664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  481664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4063    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23019500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13118                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       165760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       593984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 759744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4072                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    221760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10605     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     26      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1944499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7895000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
