
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7236721115250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              132221401                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                245942797                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              344049638                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5867376750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10913810658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12643648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12643648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828149801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828149801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1509103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1509103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1509103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828149801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            829658904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        360                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197555                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12640320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12643520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267293500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197555                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.844696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.544204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.666127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41161     42.21%     42.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45094     46.24%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9671      9.92%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1400      1.44%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          169      0.17%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8848.681818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8439.623122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2604.001104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      4.55%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      9.09%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.55%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     13.64%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.09%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     18.18%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            4     18.18%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4811036750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8514255500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  987525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24359.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43109.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       827.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100034                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     298                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77140.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348382020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185169435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               704546640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 788220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1639935030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5161464000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110718240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380760945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.433058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11607786250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288517000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140163875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11319317250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347946480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184937940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               705639060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1049220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1637584350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24688800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5210679510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        71012640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388847040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.962692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11609893875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9996000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    184605500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3137275000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11425607625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1492621                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1492621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            61184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1125382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42090                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6299                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1125382                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            637493                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          487889                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19169                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     695871                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      44542                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140272                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          708                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1244292                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4681                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1271227                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4335134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1492621                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            679583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29095034                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 125536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43007                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1239611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6387                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30475112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.286095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.348149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28783973     94.45%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18853      0.06%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  618783      2.03%     96.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   24444      0.08%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  118856      0.39%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   62611      0.21%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   79504      0.26%     97.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21174      0.07%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  746914      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30475112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048883                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.141974                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  622373                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28696082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   799062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               294827                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 62768                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7109822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 62768                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  708081                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27401251                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7265                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   932500                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1363247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6819842                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                82784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                990317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                335648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8140379                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19004014                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8930113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            30685                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2812390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5327993                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1892167                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1242297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              64319                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4151                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4211                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6489273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4612043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5047                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4147781                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8658894                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3312                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30475112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.151338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.707512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28566382     93.74%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             764394      2.51%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             404130      1.33%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             271516      0.89%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             283180      0.93%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              78308      0.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              67221      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22593      0.07%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17388      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30475112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9017     64.82%     64.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  974      7.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3553     25.54%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  274      1.97%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               52      0.37%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              40      0.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15436      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3801858     82.43%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 706      0.02%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8074      0.18%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12078      0.26%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              724338     15.71%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              47623      1.03%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1773      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           157      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4612043                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.151043                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13910                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39688840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10614868                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4428451                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              29315                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25506                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13095                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4595430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15087                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       796908                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          150                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41351                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1336                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 62768                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25518506                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               275032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6492585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1242297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               64319                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                77074                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         33265                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        35542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               68807                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4535434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               695687                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            76609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      740222                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  537948                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     44535                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.148534                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4455792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4441546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3276055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5155450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4148710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            62764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29890827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.511617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28859821     96.55%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       480458      1.61%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       112119      0.38%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308483      1.03%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56563      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28634      0.10%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4579      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3597      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36573      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29890827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1173936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2344804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        468357                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       445389                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    423262                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9216                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2335484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2792      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1858827     79.27%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            162      0.01%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6794      0.29%     79.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7872      0.34%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         444045     18.94%     98.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         22968      0.98%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1344      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2344804                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36573                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36347768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13572589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          59576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1173936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2344804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.010522                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.010522                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4487648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3863043                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23386                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11638                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2829880                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1215185                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2393677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           232252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             295934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.274194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3077092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3077092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       272546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         272546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       294659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          294659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       294659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         294659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       415696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       415696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       416551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        416551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       416551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       416551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35015158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35015158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31982499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31982499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35047140499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35047140499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35047140499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35047140499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       688242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       688242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       711210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       711210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       711210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       711210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.603997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.603997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.585693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.585693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.585693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.585693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84232.607482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84232.607482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37406.431579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37406.431579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84136.493488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84136.493488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84136.493488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84136.493488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20880                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.566591                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       232251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19416846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19416846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30717499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30717499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19447563499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19447563499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19447563499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19447563499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.336219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83910.311150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83910.311150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36095.768508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36095.768508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83735.112008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83735.112008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83735.112008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83735.112008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4958444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4958444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1239611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1239611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1239611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1239611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1239611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1239611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1239611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1239611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1239611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197563                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      266148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.347155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.943049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.056951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3911251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3911251                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               629                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   629                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         34066                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             34066                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                34695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    34695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               34695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   34695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22551000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22551000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18686277000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18686277000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18708828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18708828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18708828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18708828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           232251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               232251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          232251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              232251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.852783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.850614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.850614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.850614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.850614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101581.081081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101581.081081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94693.651373                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94693.651373                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94701.390998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94701.390998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94701.390998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94701.390998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197334                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197334                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20331000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20331000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16712927000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16712927000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16733258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16733258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16733258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16733258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.850614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.850614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.850614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.850614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91581.081081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91581.081081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84693.600697                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84693.600697                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84701.340379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84701.340379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84701.340379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84701.340379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395105                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12666688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12666688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12666688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197555    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465505500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1067110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       464503                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232252                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          533                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       696755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                696755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15000128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15000128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197563                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429267     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    547      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          234376500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         348378000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
