
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3328281019250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              110287360                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                204259450                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              303771259                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    50.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5542968432                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10265944215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12043072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12043264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        52736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           52736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          188173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              188176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         788812507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             788825083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3454170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3454170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3454170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        788812507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            792279253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      188176                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        824                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    188176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12035904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   53376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12043264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                52736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267302500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                188176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  824                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.373992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.946953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.841036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44617     45.90%     45.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42729     43.96%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8502      8.75%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1143      1.18%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      0.16%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           3653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3526.996555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1024.858957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      1.92%      5.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      3.85%      9.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            4      7.69%     17.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      3.85%     21.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           10     19.23%     40.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            8     15.38%     55.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7     13.46%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      5.77%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      9.62%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.92%     86.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.92%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.92%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.92%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      1.92%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      1.92%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.038462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.036282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.277350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               51     98.08%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4672898250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8199042000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  940305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24847.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43597.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       788.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    788.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    90984                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     705                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80779.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351987720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187082115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               679549500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2771820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1622483340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24530400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5215275990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        80016480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9369006405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.663145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11645900625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9587250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    208531500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101978250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11437387125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342063120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181791885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               663206040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1581660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1578894870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24588480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5214084120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       117668160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9328572735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.014768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11741334875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    306585750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3006661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11434902625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1898427                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1898427                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            94614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1464007                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  75508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11886                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1464007                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            774195                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          689812                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        35829                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     927136                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     101674                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       167361                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1657                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1509069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        10160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1550515                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5818007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1898427                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            849703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28702917                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 196028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        86298                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1498909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13146                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30443868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.566142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28251795     92.80%     92.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   33273      0.11%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  694219      2.28%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   47128      0.15%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153609      0.50%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   99581      0.33%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  103915      0.34%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38836      0.13%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1021512      3.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30443868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190538                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  835436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28026659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1137441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               346318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 98014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9728177                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 98014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  953011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26682396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         29264                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1283137                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1398046                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9293224                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                88955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1060486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                268802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11046799                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25452713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12510894                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            68317                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3843594                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7203207                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           460                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2134970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1580398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             145842                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7222                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8723653                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8437                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6365967                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5533896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10818182                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8436                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30443868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.209105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.858393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27998689     91.97%     91.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             898608      2.95%     94.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             500485      1.64%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             350420      1.15%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             364970      1.20%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             138651      0.46%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             113940      0.37%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              46486      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31619      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30443868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19949     71.07%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2120      7.55%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5330     18.99%     97.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  457      1.63%     99.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              190      0.68%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            31045      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5200062     81.69%     82.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2330      0.04%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                19959      0.31%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              26592      0.42%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              972070     15.27%     98.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             108994      1.71%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4840      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            75      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6365967                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.208483                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      28070                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004409                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43147992                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14211599                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6056674                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              65687                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             54398                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        29182                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6329146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  33846                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9131                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1019401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          262                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           81                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1152                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 98014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24139148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               291032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8732090                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1580398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              145842                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                84090                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         47685                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63275                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              110960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6224571                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               926675                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           141396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1028326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  718267                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    101651                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.203852                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6115821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6085856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4503517                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7224212                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.199310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5534942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            98005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29640271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.107900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.633880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28341809     95.62%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       571288      1.93%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       149560      0.50%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       366142      1.24%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        75930      0.26%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43254      0.15%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10587      0.04%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7759      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        73942      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29640271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1602438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3198195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        619728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       560998                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    536853                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     23508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3174422                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               10354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7104      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2533623     79.22%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            414      0.01%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           17238      0.54%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20088      0.63%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         557578     17.43%     98.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         58730      1.84%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3420      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3198195                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                73942                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38299466                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18272643                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          90820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1602438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3198195                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.055145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.055145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.052479                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.052479                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6602213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5281878                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    51448                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   25709                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3734652                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1705805                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3139504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           264079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             497852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           264079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.885239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4143759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4143759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       438502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         438502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        57626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         57626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       496128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          496128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       496128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         496128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       472688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       472688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       473792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        473792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       473792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       473792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34774839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34774839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34841078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34841078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34841078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34841078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       911190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       911190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        58730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        58730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       969920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       969920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       969920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       969920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.518759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.488486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.488486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73568.271249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73568.271249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59999.094203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59999.094203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73536.653215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73536.653215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73536.653215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73536.653215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        30020                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           93                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1014                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.605523                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           93                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       262985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       264081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       264081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19068085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19068085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64525000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64525000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19132610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19132610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19132610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19132610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72506.359678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72506.359678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58873.175182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58873.175182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72449.778666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72449.778666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72449.778666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72449.778666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 44                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            14.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5995639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5995639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1498906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1498906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1498906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1498906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1498906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1498906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       319500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       319500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       319500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       319500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       319500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       319500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1498909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1498909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1498909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1498909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1498909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1498909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       316500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       316500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    188196                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      335764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    188196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.784119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.545415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.218991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.235594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4411660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4411660                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               520                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   520                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         75388                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             75388                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                75908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    75908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               75908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   75908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       187597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          187597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 188176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                188176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57200000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      57200000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       312000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       312000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17847746500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17847746500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17904946500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17905258500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17904946500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17905258500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1096                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1096                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       262985                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        262985                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           264081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               264084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          264081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              264084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.525547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.713337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.712558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.712561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.712558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.712561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99305.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99305.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95138.762880                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95138.762880                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95151.517487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95151.658554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95151.517487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95151.658554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          576                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            576                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187597                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       187597                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            188176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           188176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51440000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51440000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       282000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15971786500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15971786500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16023226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16023508500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16023226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16023508500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.525547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.712561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.712561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89305.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89305.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85138.816186                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85138.816186                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85151.570629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85151.711695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85151.570629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85151.711695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        376341                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       188175                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             187599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           187341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        187600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       564516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       564516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 564516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            188176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  188176    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              188176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           443811000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1018682750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       528166                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       264081                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          428                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             37                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           32                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            262986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          448940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       262985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       792239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                792248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17062144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          188196                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     52736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           452280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 451816     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    459      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             452280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          266597000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         396118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
