
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10534467446250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              112725418                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                210613121                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              277745103                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6196390786                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11577170824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9961728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9982720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9871680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9871680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1374961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652485980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653860941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1374961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1374961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       646587902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            646587902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       646587902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1374961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652485980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1300448843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155979                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154245                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155979                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9982656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9871296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9982656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9871680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267323500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155979                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154245                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    724.413310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   564.577553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.295451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2028      7.40%      7.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2425      8.85%     16.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1882      6.87%     23.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1651      6.02%     29.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1747      6.37%     35.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1366      4.98%     40.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1385      5.05%     45.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1417      5.17%     50.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13507     49.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.189537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.127217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.822723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             40      0.42%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            87      0.90%      1.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9308     96.62%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           136      1.41%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            27      0.28%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             7      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             6      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.186780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9602     99.67%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2871501750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5796108000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18409.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37159.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       646.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    646.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142487                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140332                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49213.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98903280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52591110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559169100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              403218900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         744329040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1495778040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60239040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2102518530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       308625120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1583961300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7409333460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.305984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11783933750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6415766250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    803764000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3081912625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4610867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96732720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51426045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554528100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401934780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1511319090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67663200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072558190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       334317600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1573613700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7415798145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.729416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11776732750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54481750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6361133250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    870611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3117473125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4544992250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1328520                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1328520                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1320842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3774                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               804                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1320842                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1285888                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           34954                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4522                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     481785                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1316258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          703                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2629                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      48836                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          291                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   55                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             71198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5934410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1328520                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1289662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30426958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1246                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    48632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.396654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.667890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28664674     93.96%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   55998      0.18%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   59180      0.19%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  333519      1.09%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   35336      0.12%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8515      0.03%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9122      0.03%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   33170      0.11%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1306838      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043509                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.194350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  416074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28566845                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   710985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               805720                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12038018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  701916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 263156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1229784                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28290071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12005582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27988414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15449749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25205700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13860089                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           303173                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15191022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  258753                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               119                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4870483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              491919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1324118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11946394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11885939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1963                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         168825                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       244293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           604                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.389622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.292476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27335363     89.61%     89.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             499953      1.64%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             551198      1.81%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             354711      1.16%     94.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303204      0.99%     95.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1045733      3.43%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             168471      0.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             214602      0.70%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33117      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 106271     96.13%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  411      0.37%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   695      0.63%     97.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  201      0.18%     97.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2792      2.53%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             184      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4348      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9998715     84.12%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  90      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  265      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80358      0.68%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              437996      3.68%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1277107     10.74%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46493      0.39%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         40567      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11885939                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.389260                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     110554                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54016733                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11910121                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11680321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             374014                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            206012                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183267                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11803485                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188660                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23477                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          210                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          567                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  54697                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               172373                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11947113                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               491919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1324118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               313                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   381                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               171840                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           210                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8193                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11871125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               481611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1797852                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1302571                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1316241                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.388775                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11866678                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11863588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8697566                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11977307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.388528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.726170                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         169223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            115                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30479231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.386437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27424822     89.98%     89.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       377735      1.24%     91.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       321601      1.06%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1142318      3.75%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62594      0.21%     96.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       626456      2.06%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       105679      0.35%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30526      0.10%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       387500      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30479231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5755806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11778303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1779545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       468447                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1295941                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179540                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11683689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1103                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2340      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9917854     84.20%     84.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             70      0.00%     84.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78274      0.66%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         424202      3.60%     88.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1271033     10.79%     99.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44245      0.38%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40065      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11778303                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               387500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42039257                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23922473                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5755806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11778303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.305024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.305024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.188501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.188501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13642903                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9101513                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281650                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141972                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6498952                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6045146                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4409831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.743463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7313616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7313616                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       474708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         474708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1156704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1156704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1631412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1631412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1631412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1631412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    346216500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    346216500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13927056499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13927056499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14273272999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14273272999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14273272999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14273272999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       478395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       478395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1311079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1311079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1789474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1789474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93901.952807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93901.952807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90215.750601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90215.750601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90301.736021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90301.736021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90301.736021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90301.736021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11672                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    77.298013                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          878                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    141826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13771895499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13771895499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13913721999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13913721999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13913721999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13913721999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104437.776141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104437.776141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89217.016267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89217.016267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89349.751474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89349.751474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89349.751474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89349.751474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.998009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              16275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            25.390016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.998009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           195172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          195172                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        47838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          47838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        47838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           47838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        47838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          47838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56201999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56201999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56201999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56201999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56201999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56201999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        48632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        48632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        48632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        48632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        48632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70783.374055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70783.374055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70783.374055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70783.374055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70783.374055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70783.374055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40021500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40021500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40021500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40021500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40021500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40021500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62145.186335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62145.186335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62145.186335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62145.186335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62145.186335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62145.186335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156514                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       58.697280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.369498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16287.933222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2658106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2658106                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          641                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              641                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            314                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                314                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  69                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13540060000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13540060000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35738500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35738500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139241500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    139241500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35738500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13679301500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13715040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35738500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13679301500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13715040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          641                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          641                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154362                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154362                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          642                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            642                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.510903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.510903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.966127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.966127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.510903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.510903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87729.349030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87729.349030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108958.841463                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108958.841463                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106129.192073                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106129.192073                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108958.841463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87884.443402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87928.759641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108958.841463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87884.443402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87928.759641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          328                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11996680000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11996680000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32458500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32458500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    126111500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126111500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32458500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12122791500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12155250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32458500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12122791500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12155250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.510903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.510903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.966127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.510903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.510903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77729.413823                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77729.413823                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98958.841463                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98958.841463                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96121.570122                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96121.570122                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98958.841463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77884.443402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77928.759641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98958.841463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77884.443402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77928.759641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311844                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155877                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19854336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19854336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19854336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155979    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           929371000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820333500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312727                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          106                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            734                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          734                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154361                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        82112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19850560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19932672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156516                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9871808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312059     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    821      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311449500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233582497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
