
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5816858111625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               73491761                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                136509681                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              194850467                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    78.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5758382292                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10696098577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12557696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12557696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         822520007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             822520007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1802540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1802540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1802540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        822520007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            824322547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196215                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        430                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196215                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      430                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12553472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   27776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12557760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267431500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196215                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  430                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.306364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.001888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.876894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41582     42.74%     42.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44466     45.70%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9681      9.95%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1357      1.39%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          166      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7474.222222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7326.339203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1474.950516                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      7.41%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.70%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            4     14.81%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      7.41%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.70%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            6     22.22%     59.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.70%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     11.11%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            5     18.52%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.074074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.069950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.384900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               26     96.30%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4721888750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8399663750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  980740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24073.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42823.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       822.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    822.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98910                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     377                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77639.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349981380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186019515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               704767980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1127520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1643610390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24502080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5131980180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       132397920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9379696005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.363306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11599538750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9564500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    344788500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3148210500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11254920625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344697780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183218805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               695721600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1137960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1620712350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24350400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5200410960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        94206240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9369765135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.712841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11649058500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10242000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    245707250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3098183625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11403351250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1625863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1625863                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            72650                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1304502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  52359                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1304502                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            680036                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          624466                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        24026                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     771421                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      52973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148297                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          950                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1323276                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7048                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1354900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4790644                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1625863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            732395                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28967810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 149960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62011                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1316228                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8227                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30465327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.317311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.420649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28618048     93.94%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21296      0.07%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  644665      2.12%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28130      0.09%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  129762      0.43%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   78489      0.26%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   85854      0.28%     97.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   27313      0.09%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  831770      2.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30465327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053246                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.156892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  686063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28496661                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   897657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               309966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 74980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7874832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 74980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  781732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27092768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1033051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1465838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7536248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               103521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1027363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                410290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8982772                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20893010                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9940495                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            41757                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3010186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5972640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           325                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1977408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1357360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              76760                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4968                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4735                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7136961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4451                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5102165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5569                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4630066                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9390027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4451                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30465327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.167474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.750216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28396617     93.21%     93.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             807586      2.65%     95.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             435816      1.43%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             293798      0.96%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             309919      1.02%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              94965      0.31%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              79251      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27454      0.09%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19921      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30465327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10634     64.97%     64.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1152      7.04%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4123     25.19%     97.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  279      1.70%     98.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              167      1.02%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19215      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4191711     82.16%     82.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 993      0.02%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9788      0.19%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              14810      0.29%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              805772     15.79%     98.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              56874      1.11%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2969      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            33      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5102165                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.167094                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16367                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003208                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40654397                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11735160                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4880692                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              37196                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             36324                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15921                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5080170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19147                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       885204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          146                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        48663                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1365                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24950744                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               306890                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7141412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1357360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               76760                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1649                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19705                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               106541                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               82578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5006156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               771179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            96009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      824138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  588399                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     52959                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.163950                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4915242                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4896613                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3623799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5707907                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.160362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4631102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            74977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29802333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.084268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.537310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28716835     96.36%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       501308      1.68%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117962      0.40%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       320326      1.07%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61177      0.21%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31097      0.10%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5843      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4353      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        43432      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29802333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1257051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2511388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        500257                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       472160                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    449034                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11214                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2500070                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4950                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3356      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1989911     79.24%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            198      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8078      0.32%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9588      0.38%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         470534     18.74%     98.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         28097      1.12%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1626      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2511388                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                43432                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36901391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14949553                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          69361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1257051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2511388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.290731                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.290731                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.041168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.041168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5035809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4261032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    28415                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14148                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3071739                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1343711                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2616803                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           243505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             352542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           243505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.447781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3405821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3405821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       326097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         326097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        27147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       353244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          353244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       353244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         353244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       436385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       436385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       437335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        437335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       437335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       437335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35117486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35117486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37459498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37459498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35154945498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35154945498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35154945498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35154945498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       762482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       762482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        28097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       790579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       790579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       790579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       790579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.572322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.572322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.553183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.553183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.553183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.553183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80473.632228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80473.632228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39431.050526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39431.050526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80384.477570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80384.477570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80384.477570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80384.477570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1086                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.686924                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       242560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       243505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       243505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19379507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19379507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36120998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36120998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19415628498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19415628498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19415628498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19415628498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.318119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79895.726830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79895.726830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38223.278307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38223.278307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79734.003400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79734.003400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79734.003400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79734.003400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5264912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5264912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1316228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1316228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1316228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1316228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1316228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1316228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1316228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1316228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1316228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1316228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1316228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1316228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196222                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      286964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.462446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.752224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.247776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4090270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4090270                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2253                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2253                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         46618                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             46618                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                47290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    47290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               47290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   47290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27342500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27342500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18497158000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18497158000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18524500500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18524500500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18524500500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18524500500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2253                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2253                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           945                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               945                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       242560                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        242560                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           243505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               243505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          243505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              243505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.288889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807808                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.807808                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.805795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.805795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.805795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.805795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100155.677656                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100155.677656                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94401.190148                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94401.190148                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94409.196545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94409.196545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94409.196545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94409.196545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24612500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24612500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16537748000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16537748000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16562360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16562360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16562360500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16562360500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.805795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.805795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90155.677656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90155.677656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84401.241184                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84401.241184                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84409.247509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84409.247509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84409.247509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84409.247509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392422                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196215                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       588636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       588636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 588636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12585216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12585216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12585216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196215    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1060182500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       487010                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       243504                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          518                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            242560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          437044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       242560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       730515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                730515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15728512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15728512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196222                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 439194     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    531      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          245758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         365257500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
