
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2656517877750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64396700                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                119119674                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180220261                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5455359845                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10091212100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        8795072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            8795392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       193088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          193088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          137423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              137428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         576070856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             576091816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12647124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12647124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12647124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        576070856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            588738940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      137429                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3017                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    137429                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3017                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8767808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   27648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  192576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 8795456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               193088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    432                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              7062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              6955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              6706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             7866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             7701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             7232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             7135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267383000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                137429                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3017                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  107892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   26771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        85279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    105.071401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.897766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.935201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51085     59.90%     59.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29465     34.55%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4109      4.82%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          473      0.55%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           87      0.10%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.04%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        85279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     738.389189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    712.702378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    196.777766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.54%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      4.32%      4.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      6.49%     11.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           23     12.43%     23.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           18      9.73%     33.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           20     10.81%     44.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           28     15.14%     59.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           19     10.27%     69.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           17      9.19%     78.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           16      8.65%     87.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      4.32%     91.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.78%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.08%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.62%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.08%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.264865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.252291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.659470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              158     85.41%     85.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      2.70%     88.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               22     11.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3609115000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6177808750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  684985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26344.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45094.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       574.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    576.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    52470                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2257                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 38.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                74.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     108706.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                326226600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                173401140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               530323500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7897860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1410880530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25197120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5358103740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       137266080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9174605610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            600.930033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12107830875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    357624250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2639273500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11750470375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                282665460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                150232665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               447835080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7809120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1237903200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25262880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5457016980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       199570080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9013604505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            590.384577                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12487741375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    519705250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2259404750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11968036125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4239443                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4239443                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           274915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3455166                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 268862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             36958                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3455166                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1558600                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1896566                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       130738                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2241784                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     392790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       313897                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         6806                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    3053697                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17512                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           3196492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      14278917                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4239443                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1827462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     26857411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 561424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       134023                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  3036186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                54764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     18                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30475417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.949406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.378676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25414673     83.39%     83.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  100113      0.33%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1166803      3.83%     87.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  173383      0.57%     88.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  351209      1.15%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  319937      1.05%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  245162      0.80%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  128901      0.42%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2575236      8.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30475417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.138840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.467629                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1990724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24492741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3073640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               637600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                280712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              24707996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                280712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2278732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22545304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         71122                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3296758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2002789                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              23414726                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               160480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1496970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                354790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  8330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           27751561                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             62627046                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        32933015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           281354                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              9762778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                17988783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1586                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3398086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3568501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             560248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            22311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           24713                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  21393876                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              30576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 16177787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            41486                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13347925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23686428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         30575                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30475417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.530847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.401378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25140951     82.50%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1541441      5.06%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1025784      3.37%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             763315      2.50%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             844390      2.77%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             472264      1.55%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             377046      1.24%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             188131      0.62%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             122095      0.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30475417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  84953     75.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 8775      7.75%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 16510     14.58%     97.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1931      1.70%     99.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1090      0.96%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              15      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           101080      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             13044305     80.63%     81.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                7697      0.05%     81.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86633      0.54%     81.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             108348      0.67%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2385825     14.75%     97.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             420426      2.60%     99.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          23438      0.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            35      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              16177787                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.529817                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     113274                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007002                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          62711066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         34547408                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15157375                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             274685                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            224984                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       120817                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              16048280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 141701                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           36857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2343629                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1404                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       301385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          380                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1981                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                280712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               18722033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               362487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           21424452                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3568501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              560248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             10965                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 37948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               104627                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        121614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       209214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              330828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             15671806                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2239611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           505981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2632312                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1720002                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    392701                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.513246                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      15393002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     15278192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 11465529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 18893963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.500355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.606836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       13349836                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           280702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28476503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.283621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.082911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25595330     89.88%     89.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1129324      3.97%     93.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       363655      1.28%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       714442      2.51%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195234      0.69%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       136736      0.48%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        44712      0.16%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32881      0.12%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       264189      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28476503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4054745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8076527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1483735                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1224872                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1182312                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    103768                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  7971564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               45704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        31368      0.39%      0.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6394806     79.18%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1828      0.02%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76112      0.94%     80.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         88678      1.10%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1209782     14.98%     96.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        258863      3.21%     99.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        15090      0.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8076527                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               264189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    49638677                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   44864290                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            706                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          59271                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4054745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8076527                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              7.530606                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        7.530606                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.132791                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.132791                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                18320357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13255268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   211362                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  105721                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  8913094                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 4500538                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                7349934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           445103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2065489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           445103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.640474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10196611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10196611                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1376457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1376457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       256119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        256119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1632576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1632576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1632576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1632576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       802557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       802557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       805301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        805301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       805301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       805301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32673094500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32673094500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    253406000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    253406000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32926500500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32926500500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32926500500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32926500500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2179014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2179014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       258863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       258863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2437877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2437877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2437877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2437877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.368312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.368312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.330329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.330329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40711.244809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40711.244809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92349.125364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92349.125364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40887.196837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40887.196837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40887.196837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40887.196837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        44556                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1640                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.168293                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            11126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       360157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       360157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       360197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       360197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       360197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       360197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       442400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       442400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       445104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       445104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       445104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       445104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16987499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16987499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    246575000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246575000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17234074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17234074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17234074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17234074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.203028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010446                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010446                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38398.505877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38398.505877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91188.979290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91188.979290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38719.207197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38719.207197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38719.207197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38719.207197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 24                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             4.800000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12144749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12144749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3036181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3036181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3036181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3036181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3036181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3036181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3036186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3036186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      3036186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3036186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      3036186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3036186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       111400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       111400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       110400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       110400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       110400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    137503                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      786390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    137503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.719075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.412869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.213788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16374.373343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7259239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7259239                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            11126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        307466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            307466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               307680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   307680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              307680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  307680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       134933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          134933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             137424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 137429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            137424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                137429                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    240244500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     240244500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       544500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       544500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13010552500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  13010552500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       544500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13250797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13251341500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       544500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13250797000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13251341500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       442399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        442399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           445104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               445109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          445104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              445109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.920887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.920887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305003                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.305003                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.308746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.308754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.308746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.308754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96445.002007                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96445.002007                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108900                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       108900                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96422.317002                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96422.317002                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96422.728199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96423.182152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96422.728199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96423.182152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           88                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            88                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       134933                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       134933                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        137424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            137429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       137424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           137429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    215334500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215334500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       494500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       494500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11661242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11661242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       494500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11876577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11877071500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       494500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11876577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11877071500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.920887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.920887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.308754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.308754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86445.002007                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86445.002007                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98900                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98900                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86422.465223                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86422.465223                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86422.873734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86423.327682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86422.873734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86423.327682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        274858                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       137429                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             134936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           134412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        134938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       412285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       412285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 412285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8988416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      8988416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8988416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            137429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  137429    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              137429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           329145500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          750902250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       890217                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       445108                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           83                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            162                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          155                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            442403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          568463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       442399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1335310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1335325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     29198656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               29199296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          137503                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    193088                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           582612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 582367     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    238      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             582612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          456239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         667654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
