
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10030645090125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              140939527                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                262816226                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              354354359                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6072371732                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11323424898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12704256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12704384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         832119581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             832127965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1228242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1228242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1228242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        832119581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            833356208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        293                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12701120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12704384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     51                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267352000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  293                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.266728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.059514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.301077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40618     41.60%     41.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45721     46.83%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9752      9.99%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1354      1.39%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          157      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean          11281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10833.761454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3220.214337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      5.88%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            3     17.65%     29.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            4     23.53%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            3     17.65%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2     11.76%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2     11.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4787546000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8508577250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  992275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24124.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42874.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       831.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    832.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     231                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76797.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349702920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185875305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               706581540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 490680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1642826640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24458400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5164804200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105460320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385509045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.744056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11600772000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    274648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3146513750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11326902375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347389560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184649520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               710387160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 929160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1645267950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24589440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5164035270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103920960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9386478060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.807525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11595980500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    270811000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151704500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11325188625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1430857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1430857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            54682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1121549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  32593                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1121549                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            616629                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          504920                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        16819                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     646958                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      29096                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138823                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          603                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1205174                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2490                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1229734                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4057052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1430857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            649222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29203419                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 111052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        21386                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1202684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30511229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.267259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.301679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28907402     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16229      0.05%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  618526      2.03%     96.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   15964      0.05%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  114426      0.38%     97.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   49265      0.16%     97.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74838      0.25%     97.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16471      0.05%     97.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  698108      2.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30511229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.132867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  583603                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28844412                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   742234                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               285454                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6648665                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  663267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27721953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   873057                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1190605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6388341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                52830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                973684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                170491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7640385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17928718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8268425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            25795                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2694793                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4945595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           210                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1843568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1183963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              43289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2322                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2408                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6088358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2703                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4281485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4082                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3841581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8355548                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2702                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30511229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.140325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.674290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28700780     94.07%     94.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             743133      2.44%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             386786      1.27%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             253766      0.83%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             269189      0.88%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              66652      0.22%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              57731      0.19%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18456      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14736      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30511229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7323     65.73%     65.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  729      6.54%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2787     25.02%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  163      1.46%     98.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              112      1.01%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              27      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11268      0.26%      0.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3548317     82.88%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 455      0.01%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6390      0.15%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9095      0.21%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              672568     15.71%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              31268      0.73%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2012      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           112      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4281485                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.140217                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11141                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002602                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39065908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9909632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4118063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23514                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             23014                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9966                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4269256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12102                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       750742                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24810                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1222                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26234419                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               248043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6091061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1183963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               43289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                47525                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         29661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60218                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4213836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               646736                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            67649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      675822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  506802                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     29086                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.138002                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4139687                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4128029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3051126                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4783632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.135191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637826                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3842095                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55524                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29975973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.493624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28970034     96.64%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       473178      1.58%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108732      0.36%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306170      1.02%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53437      0.18%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25819      0.09%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4123      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3091      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31389      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29975973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1125550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2249482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        451701                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       433222                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    412138                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7352                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2242055                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2202      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1783863     79.30%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            130      0.01%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5298      0.24%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6288      0.28%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         432158     19.21%     99.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18479      0.82%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1064      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2249482                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                31389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36036161                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12719512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          23459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1125550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2249482                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.128682                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.128682                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4050034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3596598                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17618                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8725                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2693656                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1122118                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2257573                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           230722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             247906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           230722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.074479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2865854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2865854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       229900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         229900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       247608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          247608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       247608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         247608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       410404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       410404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       411175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        411175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       411175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       411175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34867965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34867965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26263999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26263999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34894228999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34894228999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34894228999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34894228999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       640304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       640304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       658783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       658783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       658783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       658783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.640952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.640952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.624143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.624143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84960.100291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84960.100291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34064.849546                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34064.849546                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84864.665894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84864.665894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84864.665894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84864.665894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.882629                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19438569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19438569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25055499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25055499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19463624499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19463624499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19463624499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19463624499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041398                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041398                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.350225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.350225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84531.321073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84531.321073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32752.286275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32752.286275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84359.638435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84359.638435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84359.638435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84359.638435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   70                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4810738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4810738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1202682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1202682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1202682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1202682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1202682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1202682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1202684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1202684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1202684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198512                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      259991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.309699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.082668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.102409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.814923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4099                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3887608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3887608                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         31626                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31626                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                32218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    32218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               32218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   32218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17412000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17412000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       285000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18735583500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18735583500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18752995500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18753280500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18752995500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18753280500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       229957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        229957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           230722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               230724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          230722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              230724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.226144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.226144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.862470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.860360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.860361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.860360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.860361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100647.398844                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100647.398844                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       142500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       142500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94466.238258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94466.238258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       142500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94471.625257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94472.109155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       142500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94471.625257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94472.109155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  293                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       293                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15682000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15682000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       265000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       265000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16752273500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16752273500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16767955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16768220500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16767955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16768220500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.226144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.860361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90647.398844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90647.398844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       132500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84466.238258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84466.238258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84471.625257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84472.109155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84471.625257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84472.109155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        397003                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198504                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           198204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       595509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       595509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 595509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12723136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12723136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12723136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198506    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           467971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1072018250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       461448                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230726                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          544                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            229959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2214                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       229957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       692166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                692172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14889408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198512                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428675     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    560      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         346083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
