
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3114538201500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              110712135                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                204980593                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              306200279                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5520176832                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10220463415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12036288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12036352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        60288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           60288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          188067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              188068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         788368160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             788372352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3948820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3948820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3948820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        788368160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            792321173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      188068                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    188068                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12027648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   60800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12036352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                60288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267297000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                188068                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  942                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.866399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.470422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.018043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45220     46.33%     46.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42571     43.62%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8474      8.68%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1126      1.15%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          151      0.15%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           59                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3207.118644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3104.933155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    781.106180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.69%      1.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            2      3.39%      5.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      3.39%      8.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      5.08%     13.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      8.47%     22.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      8.47%     30.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6     10.17%     40.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7     11.86%     52.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            9     15.25%     67.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            8     13.56%     81.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      3.39%     84.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      8.47%     93.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      5.08%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            59                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           59                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.101695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.096111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.443144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               56     94.92%     94.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      5.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            59                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4644772000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8168497000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  939660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24715.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43465.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       787.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    788.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    90466                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     815                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80775.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                355422060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188915100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               681777180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4953780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1630890270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24545280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5183786340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        99440160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9375039210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.058289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11627585375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    259144250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3120358000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11368483875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341449080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181492080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               660057300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                   5220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1572764520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24559680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5227811430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111300000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9324748350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.764274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11754437625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    289844250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2992890250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11465161625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1818526                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1818526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            90667                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1397570                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  77998                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12598                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1397570                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            741453                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          656117                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        34127                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     918296                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     110251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       166453                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1623                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1455509                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8359                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1497013                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5653472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1818526                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            819451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28786450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 186652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        72532                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1447150                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12937                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30453621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.374201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.543823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28331984     93.03%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31016      0.10%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  661217      2.17%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   49924      0.16%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  148075      0.49%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   99077      0.33%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  106586      0.35%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   40583      0.13%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  985159      3.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30453621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.059556                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.185149                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  799095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28124260                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1095819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               341121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 93326                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9471738                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 93326                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  914545                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26693664                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1240864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1486757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9048222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               109178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1051989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                370020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10755678                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24747780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12257543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            75811                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3918394                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6837256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           471                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2098605                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1533193                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             152048                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8490755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6269450                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9503                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5238776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10158085                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7538                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30453621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.205869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.854493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28050986     92.11%     92.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             881379      2.89%     95.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             495291      1.63%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             346927      1.14%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             347650      1.14%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             136311      0.45%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             113796      0.37%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              48471      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              32810      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30453621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21128     72.13%     72.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2349      8.02%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5063     17.28%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  532      1.82%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              220      0.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            30506      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5102917     81.39%     81.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1892      0.03%     81.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22050      0.35%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              29607      0.47%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              959487     15.30%     98.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             117410      1.87%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5581      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6269450                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.205322                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      29292                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004672                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42958060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13677421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5968626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              73256                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             59654                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        32490                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6230478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  37758                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       972039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          348                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          852                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 93326                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24098995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               304151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8498293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1533193                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              152048                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2746                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               100052                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46762                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              105763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6133552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               917683                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           135898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1027916                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  710387                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    110233                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.200872                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6031099                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6001116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4411865                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7149145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.196534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5239849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            93323                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29691909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.109776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.643062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28381176     95.59%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       569824      1.92%     97.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       154794      0.52%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       369539      1.24%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73786      0.25%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45098      0.15%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11024      0.04%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8682      0.03%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        77986      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29691909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1633807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3259469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        627677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       561168                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    538171                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26568                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3232656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11717                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7957      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2581476     79.20%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            469      0.01%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19178      0.59%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22712      0.70%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         557312     17.10%     97.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         66509      2.04%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3856      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3259469                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                77986                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38113241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17763227                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          81068                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1633807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3259469                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.689288                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.689288                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.053507                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.053507                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6656969                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5197587                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    57207                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   28604                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3714491                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1705314                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3072480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           258854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             499801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           258854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.930822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4124318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4124318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       438959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         438959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        65391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         65391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       504350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          504350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       504350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         504350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       460898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       460898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       462016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        462016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       462016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       462016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34418253500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34418253500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73718500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73718500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34491972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34491972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34491972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34491972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       899857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       899857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        66509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       966366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       966366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       966366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       966366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.512190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.512190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.478096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.478096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.478096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.478096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74676.508685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74676.508685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65937.835420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65937.835420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74655.362585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74655.362585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74655.362585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74655.362585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25395                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.022857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       203163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       203163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       257747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       258853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       258853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18962769500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18962769500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19034368500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19034368500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19034368500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19034368500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73571.252042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73571.252042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64736.889693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64736.889693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73533.505503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73533.505503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73533.505503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73533.505503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5788601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5788601                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1447149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1447149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1447149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1447149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1447149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1447149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1447150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1447150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1447150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1447150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1447150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1447150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    188087                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      329507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    188087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.751886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.732873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.095394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.171733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4328535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4328535                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2385                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2385                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               463                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   463                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         70323                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             70323                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                70786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    70786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               70786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   70786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       187424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          187424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 188068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                188068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64893000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      64893000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        83500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17804640000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17804640000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17869533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17869616500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17869533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17869616500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2385                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2385                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       257747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        257747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           258853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               258854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          258853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              258854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.581374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.581374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.727163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.726540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.726541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.726540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.726541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100922.239502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100922.239502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94996.585283                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94996.585283                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95016.845061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95016.783823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95016.845061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95016.783823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       187424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            188068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           188068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58463000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58463000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        73500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        73500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15930390000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15930390000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        73500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15988853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15988926500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        73500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15988853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15988926500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.581374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.727163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.726540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.726541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.726540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.726541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90922.239502                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90922.239502                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        73500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84996.531928                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84996.531928                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        73500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85016.791888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85016.730651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        73500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85016.791888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85016.730651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        376127                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       188068                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             187426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           187117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        187425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       564196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       564196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 564196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            188068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  188068    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              188068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           444286000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1018430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       517709                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       258855                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          324                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             47                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           40                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            257749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          443614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       257747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       776561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                776564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16719296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16719424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          188087                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     60288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           446941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 446570     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    364      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             446941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          261240500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         388281000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
