
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6778700791500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              136431783                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                253661607                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              357131146                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5832451587                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10844022745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12574272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12574272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         823605723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             823605723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1509103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1509103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1509103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        823605723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            825114827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196472                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        360                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12569792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12574208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267432000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.005984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.973802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.796406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41506     42.53%     42.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44998     46.11%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9591      9.83%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1309      1.34%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9143.047619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8989.502570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1722.479303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      9.52%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      4.76%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     23.81%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      4.76%     47.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     14.29%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.52%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.76%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.095238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.089992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.436436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20     95.24%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4779769000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8462325250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  982015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24336.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.05                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43086.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       823.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    823.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98857                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     284                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77565.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349138860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185571705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               703589880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 595080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1647082830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24308160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5195082030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        76529280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387206865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.855262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11590064875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    199630250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3155908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11391595875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347718000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184786140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               698720400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1169280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1636558920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24455520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5158926360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       115608960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9372637980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.901010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11615124250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509827625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    301058250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3132932750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11314066000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1312408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1312408                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            58334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1067133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42825                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1067133                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            548569                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          518564                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20601                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     658359                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      50259                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135046                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          922                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1054599                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7322                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1078473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3899150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1312408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            591394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29236795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 121472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67638                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1047277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6201                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     20                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30449527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.258369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.285090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28941765     95.05%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20265      0.07%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  515956      1.69%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   26353      0.09%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  110039      0.36%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   68514      0.23%     97.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78316      0.26%     97.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   23189      0.08%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  665130      2.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30449527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042981                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.127696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  543301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28865996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   699091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               280403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 60736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6475242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 60736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  628211                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27692460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   824075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1226498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6204860                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                85023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                949970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                221505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7392544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17120852                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8199711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            33260                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2675812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4716740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           391                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1804333                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1097968                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              74618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4463                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5883344                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4446                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4320074                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6448                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3662226                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7199392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4446                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30449527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.141877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.684527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28635677     94.04%     94.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             749625      2.46%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             383694      1.26%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             260115      0.85%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             238343      0.78%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              77911      0.26%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              65202      0.21%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              23103      0.08%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15857      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30449527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9229     62.41%     62.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     62.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     62.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  928      6.28%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4216     28.51%     97.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  233      1.58%     98.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              121      0.82%     99.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              61      0.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18085      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3536652     81.87%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1227      0.03%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8255      0.19%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11976      0.28%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              687282     15.91%     98.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              54051      1.25%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2315      0.05%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           231      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4320074                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.141481                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14788                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003423                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39080512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9521039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4137732                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              30399                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             28980                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13059                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4301127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15650                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       681652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           41                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1228                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 60736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25562278                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               251669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5887790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1097968                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               74618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1678                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15093                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                59199                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30293                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               67848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4238653                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               658160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            81421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      708403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  518628                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     50243                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.138814                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4166850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4150791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2997063                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4833633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.135937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3662877                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            60733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29922324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.492321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28929091     96.68%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       460844      1.54%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115163      0.38%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306758      1.03%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46861      0.16%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22991      0.08%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4919      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3363      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32334      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29922324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1114495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2225570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        439332                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       416317                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    399954                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9308                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2216149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2841      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1768327     79.46%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            163      0.01%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6963      0.31%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7944      0.36%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         414953     18.64%     98.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23015      1.03%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1364      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2225570                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35778437                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12305552                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            625                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          85162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1114495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2225570                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.397780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.397780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036499                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036499                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4383037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3586702                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23235                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11532                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2703348                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1191269                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2210339                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           221276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             281390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           221276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.271670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2917020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2917020                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       259008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         259008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       281179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          281179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       281179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         281179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       391913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       391913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       392757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        392757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       392757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       392757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34142106500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34142106500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31052500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31052500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34173159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34173159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34173159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34173159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       650921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       650921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       673936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       673936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       673936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       673936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.602090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.602090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036672                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036672                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.582781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.582781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87116.544999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87116.544999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36792.061611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36792.061611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87008.402142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87008.402142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87008.402142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87008.402142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15059                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              637                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.640502                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    62.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       171473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       171482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       171482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       220440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19191093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19191093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19220817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19220817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19220817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19220817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.338659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87058.124660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87058.124660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35597.604790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35597.604790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86863.934019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86863.934019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86863.934019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86863.934019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4189108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4189108                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1047277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1047277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1047277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1047277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1047277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1047277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1047277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1047277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1047277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1047277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1047277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1047277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196480                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      247971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.262067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.908973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.091027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3734616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3734616                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         24185                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             24185                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                24803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               24803                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24803                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196472                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196472                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21696000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21696000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18582739000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18582739000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18604435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18604435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18604435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18604435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       220440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        220440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           221275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               221275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          221275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              221275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.259880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.259880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.890288                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.890288                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.887909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.887909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.887909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.887909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99981.566820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99981.566820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94686.703523                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94686.703523                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94692.551610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94692.551610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94692.551610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94692.551610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196255                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196255                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19526000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19526000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16620179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16620179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16639705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16639705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16639705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16639705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.259880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.890288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.887909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.887909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89981.566820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89981.566820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84686.652569                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84686.652569                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84692.500713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84692.500713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84692.500713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84692.500713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392937                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196473                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12597312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12597312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12597312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196472    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464675000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1061703000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       442551                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       221276                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            220441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          415352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       220440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       663827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                663827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14292480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14292480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196480                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           417755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417216     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    539      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             417755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          223319500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         331914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
