
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               458020323750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3125962                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5905312                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46197636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   330.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1033064428                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1951580813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         258624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             258688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       225280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          225280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16939685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16943877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14755677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14755677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14755677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16939685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31699554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4042                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3520                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4042                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 258688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  225856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  258688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               225280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266653000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4042                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.770450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.151984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.631679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4105     87.90%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          242      5.18%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           83      1.78%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      1.22%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      0.90%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.03%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      0.71%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.64%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           30      0.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.459596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.291072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.891592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             5      2.53%      2.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            77     38.89%     41.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            79     39.90%     81.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            20     10.10%     91.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             6      3.03%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.02%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.52%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.51%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.51%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.823232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.814058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.555604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               16      8.08%      8.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.52%      9.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              179     90.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    377425500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               453213000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     93375.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               112125.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2839                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2018864.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 14130060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7514100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                12266520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8127540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1184411280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            415836660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             56058720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2806998060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2150184000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        755256240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7412255640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.497384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14205160125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    101362750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     502958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2451040250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5599449000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     456746750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6155787375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19206600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10208550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16593360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10293840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1274763360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            484746240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             50461920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3228144270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2293504800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        389717280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7779174390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            509.530297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14067656875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     82804750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     540944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1017536000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5972546750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     574361750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7079150875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13144078                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13144078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1026724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11012871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 979215                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            204138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11012871                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3766471                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7246400                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       728911                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10072560                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7628641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       115073                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        36956                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8993698                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16334                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9681059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59349298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13144078                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4745686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19734873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2073144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        73009                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8977364                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               245064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.716523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.571617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12398558     40.61%     40.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  850619      2.79%     43.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1266859      4.15%     47.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1427737      4.68%     52.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1120710      3.67%     55.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1136053      3.72%     59.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1048843      3.43%     63.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  922198      3.02%     66.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10362854     33.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430464                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.943668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8649293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4251816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15668906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               927844                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1036572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108196947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1036572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9384537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3071159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15799095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1219658                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103406547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 74091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    66                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1082755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109954046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260406293                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155476300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3175985                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70527650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39426344                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1513                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1037623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11882325                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8952537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           512711                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          198188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93701008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              52986                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84142463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           430124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27727275                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40152346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         52963                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.755658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.512179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9488984     31.08%     31.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2866381      9.39%     40.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3167320     10.37%     50.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3192620     10.46%     61.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3219480     10.54%     71.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2805185      9.19%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3127631     10.24%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1640689      5.37%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1026141      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 789859     72.70%     72.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14970      1.38%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102730      9.46%     83.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                89785      8.26%     91.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              609      0.06%     91.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88536      8.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           507596      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63748709     75.76%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74663      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87932      0.10%     76.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1183562      1.41%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10197995     12.12%     90.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7669497      9.11%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         392465      0.47%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        280044      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84142463                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.755635                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1086489                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012912                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196362474                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118422084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78840048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3973494                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3060314                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1804880                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82716334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2005022                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1323138                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3972954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3006                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2468925                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           72                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1036572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3125238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93753994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11882325                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8952537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             18888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    97                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2708                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3006                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        296933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1060016                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1356949                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81714527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10065689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2427934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17687384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8879191                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7621695                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.676121                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81200301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80644928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56329480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88395914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.641092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27727570                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1035850                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26374011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.503475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.746837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9146567     34.68%     34.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3850164     14.60%     49.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2699604     10.24%     59.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3670003     13.92%     73.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1144509      4.34%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1187016      4.50%     82.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       838187      3.18%     85.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       478620      1.81%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3359341     12.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26374011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34859055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66026687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14392977                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7909367                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7674319                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1347336                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 65014586                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              478463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       268332      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50213067     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56129      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78414      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1017768      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7624635     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6483610      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       284732      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66026687                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3359341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116768927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191752257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34859055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66026687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.875947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.875947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.141621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.141621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118479996                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63122237                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2547705                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1258015                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41380606                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21615830                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35872748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             574999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           115.022805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60489947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60489947                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8630562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8630562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6483460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6483460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15114022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15114022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15114022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15114022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    286234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    518043500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    518043500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    804277500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    804277500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    804277500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    804277500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8634337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8634337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6486900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6486900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15121237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15121237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15121237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15121237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75823.576159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75823.576159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150594.040698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150594.040698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111472.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111472.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111472.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111472.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    165381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512533500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512533500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    677914500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    677914500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    677914500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    677914500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104539.190898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104539.190898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149951.287303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149951.287303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 135582.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135582.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 135582.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135582.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             281213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           246.246060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35910599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35910599                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8976195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8976195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8976195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8976195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8976195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8976195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15082500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15082500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15082500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15082500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15082500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15082500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8977364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8977364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8977364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8977364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8977364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8977364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12902.053037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12902.053037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12902.053037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12902.053037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12902.053037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12902.053037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12061.242345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.242345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12061.242345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.242345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12061.242345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.242345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4047                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.344206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.306763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        25.058518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16305.634719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    102287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   102287                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1142                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1142                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1141                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1141                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           956                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               956                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          625                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             625                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    507443000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     507443000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    152825000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    152825000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    660268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        660357500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    660268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       660357500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1142                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1142                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1142                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1142                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000876                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000876                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.395319                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.395319                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.808362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.658199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.808362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.658199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 148548.887588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148548.887588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       244520                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       244520                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163392.229646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163373.948540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163392.229646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163373.948540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3520                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3520                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           17                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            17                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          625                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          625                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    473283000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    473283000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146575000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146575000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    619858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    619937500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    619858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    619937500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.395319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.658199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.658199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138548.887588                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138548.887588                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       234520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       234520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153392.229646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153373.948540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153392.229646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153373.948540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8085                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4043                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       483968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       483968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  483968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4043    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23169500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22224750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12284                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6141                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       146176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       564608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 710784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4048                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    225344                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10163     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     27      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11107000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1714500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
