
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3755766654750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68912417                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                127705334                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              188379948                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    81.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5585037801                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10349938511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12080704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12080832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        43904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           43904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          188761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              188763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         791277376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             791285760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2875680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2875680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2875680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        791277376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            794161440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      188764                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        686                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    188764                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      686                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12074112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   44032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12080896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                43904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    106                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                188764                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  686                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.658952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.190659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.858813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44452     45.73%     45.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42761     43.99%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8636      8.88%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1171      1.20%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           4383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4244.512957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1101.809831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.33%      2.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.33%      4.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.33%      6.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.33%      9.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      6.98%     16.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      6.98%     23.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     11.63%     34.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5     11.63%     46.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      9.30%     55.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      6.98%     62.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      4.65%     67.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      2.33%     69.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      6.98%     76.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      6.98%     83.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      6.98%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      4.65%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               43    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4679841000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8217178500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  943290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24805.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43555.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       790.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    791.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    91551                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     584                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80588.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                353044440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187662750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               680741880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3450420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1206538320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1623617640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5184163110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105059040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1282380.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9370087110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.733930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11642860125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9965250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       566500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    273709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104126750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11368583875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341042100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181268175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               666276240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 140940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1581170310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24536160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5204491020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       123882720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9328116705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.984899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11735851375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    322800500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3011219250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11413935875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1664705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1664705                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            75907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1352019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  59196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8972                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1352019                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            693856                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          658163                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        29111                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     821055                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      79781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       163814                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1300                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1344787                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4847                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1381096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5020282                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1664705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            753052                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28985998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 154926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        39512                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1339940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10747                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30487048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.331863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.453175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28564743     93.69%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   33060      0.11%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  639464      2.10%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   36880      0.12%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  137965      0.45%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   77812      0.26%     96.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   95658      0.31%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31694      0.10%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  869772      2.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30487048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054518                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.164412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  705029                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28424086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   949063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               331407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 77463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8428288                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 77463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  812793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27138101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1093871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1339591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8066306                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                67793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1067261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                203760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9603781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22188577                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10760413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59353                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3577085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6026709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2064169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1387907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             114507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7590566                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5743                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5573732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8774                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4620957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9249149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5742                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30487048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.182823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.792718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28259821     92.69%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             869239      2.85%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             461964      1.52%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             316704      1.04%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             311154      1.02%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             113084      0.37%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              91225      0.30%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              37789      0.12%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              26068      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30487048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  16608     70.94%     70.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1757      7.51%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4408     18.83%     97.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  398      1.70%     98.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              221      0.94%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            23332      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4562603     81.86%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1661      0.03%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                16363      0.29%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              21804      0.39%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              857721     15.39%     98.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              85655      1.54%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4534      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            59      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5573732                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.182538                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      23411                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004200                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41611626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12166937                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5321124                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              55071                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             50336                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        24013                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5545414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  28397                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       859106                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          233                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        66842                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1217                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 77463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25054656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               277468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7596309                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1387907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              114507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2119                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                64200                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        48878                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               87533                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5458766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               820611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           114966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      900374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  654418                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     79763                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.178773                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5368185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5345137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3904860                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6312441                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.175051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.618597                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4621704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            77460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29824363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.099763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.599524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28584352     95.84%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       551729      1.85%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       145338      0.49%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       365160      1.22%     99.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63243      0.21%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35413      0.12%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9680      0.03%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6221      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        63227      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29824363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1490027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2975365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        576467                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       528802                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    509874                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19050                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2956029                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8404                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5817      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2362265     79.39%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            336      0.01%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14196      0.48%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16284      0.55%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         526036     17.68%     98.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         47665      1.60%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2766      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2975365                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                63227                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37358205                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15859117                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          47640                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1490027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2975365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.492708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.492708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5750652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4623338                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    42404                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   21174                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3424681                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1525630                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2792979                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           260218                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             394811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           260218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.517232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3678270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3678270                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       346652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         346652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        46596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         46596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       393248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          393248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       393248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         393248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       460196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       460196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       461265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        461265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       461265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       461265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34377585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34377585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59614500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59614500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34437199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34437199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34437199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34437199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       806848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       806848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        47665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        47665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       854513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       854513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       854513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       854513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.570363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.539799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.539799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74702.050865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74702.050865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55766.604303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55766.604303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74658.167214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74658.167214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74658.167214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74658.167214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24016                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.863535                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       259155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       260218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       260218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19072543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19072543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58003500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58003500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19130546500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19130546500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19130546500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19130546500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022301                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022301                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73595.118751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73595.118751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54565.851364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54565.851364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73517.383502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73517.383502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73517.383502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73517.383502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           379.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5359763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5359763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1339937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1339937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1339937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1339937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1339937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1339937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       436500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       436500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       436500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       436500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       436500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       436500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1339940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1339940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1339940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1339940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1339940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1339940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       145500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       145500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       145500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       433500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       433500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       433500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       433500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       433500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       433500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    188779                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      334182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    188779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.770229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.832389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.096966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.070646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4350219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4350219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               597                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   597                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         70859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             70859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                71456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    71457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               71456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   71457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188296                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188296                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 188764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                188764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49882500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      49882500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       418500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       418500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17905549000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17905549000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       418500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17955431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17955850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       418500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17955431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17955850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1063                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1063                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        259155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           260218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               260221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          260218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              260221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.438382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.438382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.726577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.726577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.725399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.725399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.725399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.725399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107043.991416                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107043.991416                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       209250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95092.561711                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95092.561711                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95122.066412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95123.275625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95122.066412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95123.275625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  686                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       686                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188296                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188296                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            188764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           188764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45222500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45222500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16022589000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16022589000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16067811500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16068210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16067811500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16068210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.438382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.726577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.725399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.725399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97043.991416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97043.991416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       199250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85092.561711                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85092.561711                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85122.066412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85123.275625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85122.066412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85123.275625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        377520                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       188764                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       566284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       566284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 566284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12124800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12124800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12124800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            188764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  188764    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              188764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           445438000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1021771500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       520442                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       260221                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          502                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            259158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          445836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       259155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       780654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                780663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16812352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16812736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          188779                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     43904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           449000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 448472     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    525      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             449000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          262699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         390327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
