
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8274900515750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              134944834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                251253547                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              346532414                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5945326572                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11069595451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12676352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12676352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         830291889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             830291889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1366577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1366577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1366577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        830291889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            831658466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198068                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        326                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198068                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      326                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12674240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12676352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267417500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198068                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  326                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.950273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.595323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.747843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41246     42.22%     42.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44982     46.04%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9859     10.09%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1427      1.46%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          149      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9892.750000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9764.604238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1582.402466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2     10.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     15.00%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            4     20.00%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     15.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            4     20.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4793462750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8506619000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  990175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24205.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42955.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       830.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    830.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100384                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     278                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76955.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351709260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186937905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               714142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1566000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1657105140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24821760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5172993390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        86176320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9400761615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.743088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11567390125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10434000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    224050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3179659500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11343340125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345818760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183807030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699827100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1627874400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24526560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5153054790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       127877280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9368199360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.610284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11631813625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9641000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    332660750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11299537875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1485211                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1485211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            57627                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1147896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  34844                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5369                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1147896                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            645975                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          501921                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18214                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     680908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      40307                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140354                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          614                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1252589                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3765                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1277653                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4244874                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1485211                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            680819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29116485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 117568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33151                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1248824                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6155                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30488889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.279399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.331384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28816729     94.52%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   25157      0.08%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  632264      2.07%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   20141      0.07%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  118203      0.39%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   48068      0.16%     97.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   76192      0.25%     97.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18923      0.06%     97.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  733212      2.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30488889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.139018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  618277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28728561                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   791608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               291659                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 58784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6987162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 58784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  701326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27578731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16058                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   925328                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1208662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6717191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                48840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                967796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                189202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8016694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18765311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8728508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29327                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2819044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5197650                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1855593                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1235534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3752                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6407014                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3065                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4526085                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4523                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4058477                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8685807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3065                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30488889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.148450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.699699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28611275     93.84%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             755385      2.48%     96.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             394597      1.29%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             263445      0.86%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             286394      0.94%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              76222      0.25%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              63339      0.21%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              21405      0.07%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16827      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30488889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8058     66.93%     66.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  824      6.84%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2811     23.35%     97.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  218      1.81%     98.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              128      1.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14001      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3740895     82.65%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 501      0.01%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7370      0.16%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10520      0.23%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              707429     15.63%     99.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              43103      0.95%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2266      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4526085                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.148228                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12039                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39531001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10442767                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4351294                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26623                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25796                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11513                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4510383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13740                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3413                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       788490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1392                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 58784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25971723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               256791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6410079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1235534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17284                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                56859                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31683                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               64395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4454408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               680732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            71680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      721028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  531010                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     40296                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.145880                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4375768                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4362807                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3236418                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5059534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.142880                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4059063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            58782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29922476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.513948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28892884     96.56%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       479239      1.60%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110461      0.37%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308906      1.03%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55984      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28028      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5886      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3373      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        37715      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29922476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1175914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2351602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        468022                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       447044                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    426847                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8396                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2343115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2531      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1867597     79.42%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            148      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6128      0.26%     79.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7176      0.31%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         445824     18.96%     99.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20978      0.89%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1220      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2351602                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                37715                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36295426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13389029                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            333                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          45799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1175914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2351602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.966770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.966770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4338645                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3795562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20473                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10194                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2786198                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1179832                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2369212                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           232323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             277466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.194311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3011283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3011283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       258016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         258016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        20173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       278189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          278189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       278189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         278189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       415746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       415746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       416551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        416551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       416551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       416551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34980231500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34980231500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29935998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29935998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35010167498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35010167498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35010167498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35010167498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       673762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       673762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       694740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       694740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       694740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       694740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.617052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.617052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.599578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.599578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84138.467959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84138.467959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37187.575155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37187.575155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84047.733646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84047.733646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84047.733646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84047.733646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              927                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.420712                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       232324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19434764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19434764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28177498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28177498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19462941498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462941498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19462941498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462941498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83940.586533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83940.586533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35488.032746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35488.032746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83774.993104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83774.993104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83774.993104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83774.993104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4995296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4995296                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1248824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1248824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1248824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1248824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1248824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1248824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1248824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1248824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1248824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198072                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      269595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.361096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.052515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.947485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3912776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3912776                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               596                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   596                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         33660                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             33660                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                34256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    34256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               34256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   34256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197870                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197870                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20425000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      20425000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18707721500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18707721500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18728146500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18728146500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18728146500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18728146500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           232324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               232324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          232324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              232324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.249370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.854619                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.854619                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.852551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.852551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.852551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.852551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103156.565657                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103156.565657                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94545.517259                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94545.517259                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94554.125351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94554.125351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94554.125351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94554.125351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  326                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       326                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197870                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197870                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18445000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18445000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16729031500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16729031500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16747476500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16747476500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16747476500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16747476500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.854619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.854619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.852551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.852551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93156.565657                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93156.565657                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84545.567797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84545.567797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84554.175839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84554.175839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84554.175839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84554.175839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396129                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198067                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       594196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       594196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12697152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12697152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12697152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198068    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466442000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1069828500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       464647                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232322                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          554                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231530                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       696970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                696970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14999232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14999232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198072                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           430396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429830     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    566      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             430396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          234363500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         348484500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
