
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6045868273500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128790812                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                239282851                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              340401876                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5776386809                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10732058869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12574400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12574400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        25728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           25728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         823614107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             823614107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1685165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1685165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1685165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        823614107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            825299273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196475                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        402                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      402                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12571136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12574400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                25728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     51                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196475                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  402                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.894717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.479428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.072677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41087     42.37%     42.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44529     45.92%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9753     10.06%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1402      1.45%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          172      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7752.240000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7609.574694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1519.613445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     12.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     12.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     12.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     12.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     12.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.00%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     12.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      8.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4763054500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8446004500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  982120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24248.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42998.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       823.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    823.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     347                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77547.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347432400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184672290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708152340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 835200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1643861190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24576960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5170530420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        99648000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385017840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.711882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11598433375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9734500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    259310000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3148978750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11339460875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344969100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183355425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               694315020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1252800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1624697790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24526560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183053890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105289920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9366769545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.516632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11640985000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    274363500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107018625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11366621500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1507817                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1507817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            66282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1194936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  46153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1194936                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            632086                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          562850                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22315                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     716001                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      54393                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          924                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1232994                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6623                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1261636                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4453189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1507817                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            678239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29064121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 136760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        59865                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1226371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30458843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.294198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.369468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28739372     94.35%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23673      0.08%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  601839      1.98%     96.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27518      0.09%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  122517      0.40%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   66907      0.22%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   82616      0.27%     97.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24491      0.08%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  769910      2.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30458843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.145840                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  633512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28634587                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   824928                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               297436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 68380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7331914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 68380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  723696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27391683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   956829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1299379                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7025116                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                77133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                977208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                268558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8365002                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19451251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9263571                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            36280                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2869230                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5495819                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           297                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1895562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1256336                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              80101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6655283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4768068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5658                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4269312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8694448                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30458843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.156541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.723269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28503115     93.58%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             778087      2.55%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             412355      1.35%     97.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             277440      0.91%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             284420      0.93%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              87113      0.29%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              72446      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              25906      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17961      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30458843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10238     66.56%     66.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1045      6.79%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3678     23.91%     97.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  268      1.74%     99.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              120      0.78%     99.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              32      0.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19528      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3916285     82.14%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1182      0.02%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9361      0.20%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13440      0.28%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              746887     15.66%     98.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              58757      1.23%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2500      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           128      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4768068                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.156152                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15381                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003226                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39982471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10898089                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4563802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              33547                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             31016                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14650                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4746640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  17281                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       808747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          153                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53924                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1043                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 68380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25310068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               274030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6659790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1256336                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               80101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1650                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17975                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                76051                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35137                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        40916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               76053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4678371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               715748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            89697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      770125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  552501                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     54377                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.153215                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4595873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4578452                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3364300                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5324749                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.149943                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4270178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            68377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29848335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.080089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.518713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28802226     96.50%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       484169      1.62%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       116206      0.39%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       313438      1.05%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56626      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27643      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5713      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3883      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        38431      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29848335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1196774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2390521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        473772                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       447595                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    427417                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10486                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2379878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3201      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1896590     79.34%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            185      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7809      0.33%     79.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8964      0.37%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         446073     18.66%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         26177      1.10%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1522      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2390521                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                38431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36470603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13933402                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            593                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          75846                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1196774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2390521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.514165                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.514165                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4713050                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3976216                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    26110                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13008                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2878496                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1257765                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2443941                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           232479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             317496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.365698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3166315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3166315                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       291095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         291095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        25291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       316386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          316386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       316386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         316386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       416187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       416187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       417073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        417073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       417073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       417073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34872326500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34872326500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34570499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34570499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34906896999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34906896999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34906896999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34906896999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       707282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       707282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        26177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        26177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       733459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       733459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       733459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       733459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.588431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.568638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.568638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.568638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83790.042697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83790.042697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39018.621896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39018.621896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83694.933498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83694.933498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83694.933498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83694.933498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16050                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              715                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.447552                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           39                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       232479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19305700500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19305700500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32797000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32797000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19338497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19338497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19338497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19338497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.327455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83356.867139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83356.867139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37439.497717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37439.497717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83183.846713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83183.846713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83183.846713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83183.846713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4905484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4905484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1226371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1226371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1226371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1226371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1226371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1226371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196479                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      258342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.314858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.042923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.957077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3913751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3913751                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         35377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             35377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             250                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 250                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196225                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196225                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24692500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24692500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18560359500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18560359500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18585052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18585052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18585052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18585052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           232479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               232479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          232479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              232479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.285063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.847251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.847251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.845130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.845130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.845130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.845130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        98770                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98770                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94587.129571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94587.129571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94592.451966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94592.451966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94592.451966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94592.451966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196225                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196225                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22192500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22192500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16598109500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16598109500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16620302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16620302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16620302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16620302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.847251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.845130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.845130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        88770                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88770                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84587.129571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84587.129571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84592.451966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84592.451966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84592.451966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84592.451966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392946                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196475                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12600128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12600128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12600128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196475                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196475    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196475                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           463465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1061314500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       464958                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232479                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          559                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       697437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                697437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15015616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15015616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196479                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     25728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           428958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001329                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428389     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    568      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             428958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          234619000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         348718500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
