
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10809279640500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              111827117                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                209214451                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              271172171                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    56.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6296009445                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11779042546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9990464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10015424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9945088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9945088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1634862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654368168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656003030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1634862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1634862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651396072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651396072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651396072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1634862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654368168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307399102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156491                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155392                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156491                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10015360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9945600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10015424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9945088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267276000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156491                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.939218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.194447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.214360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2238      8.15%      8.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2391      8.71%     16.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1949      7.10%     23.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1535      5.59%     29.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1295      4.72%     34.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1376      5.01%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1311      4.77%     44.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1592      5.80%     49.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13772     50.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.124356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.072589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.580956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               9      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             51      0.53%      0.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            99      1.02%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9398     96.83%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           107      1.10%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.216964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9674     99.68%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                5      0.05%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2892477000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5826664500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18483.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37233.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141576                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48951.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99053220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52648035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562139340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407394900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751090080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507304580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62043360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2113360500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       308253600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1573501860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7436789475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.104333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11800177250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44863750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318302000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6362976000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    802799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104001125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4634401750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97004040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51558870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555206400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403761780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751090080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504100040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66468000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2082504120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       330269280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1575455700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7417418310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.835536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11734256875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51604750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6368817875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    860064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101637000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4566845750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1300360                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1300360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1290248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1290248                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1248892                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41356                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5268                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     443869                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1285373                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          828                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2639                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      63885                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          300                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             89012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5846125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1300360                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1253073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30402417                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1190                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    63683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.653505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28742216     94.23%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49256      0.16%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   53696      0.18%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  279465      0.92%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   34309      0.11%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11428      0.04%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12153      0.04%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31834      0.10%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1286354      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191458                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  417655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28596439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   691704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               786997                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11700381                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  696025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 296190                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1198865                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28286410                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11662326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 24185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27983581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14928589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24647288                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13437267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           441943                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14620749                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  307840                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4795090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              456169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1294370                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           27762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11593441                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                864                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11521352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2221                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         199516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       290528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           716                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.268052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27395793     89.82%     89.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             498047      1.63%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540295      1.77%     93.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             358640      1.18%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             312814      1.03%     95.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1016698      3.33%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             148721      0.49%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             197901      0.65%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31802      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  90670     93.50%     93.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  633      0.65%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1080      1.11%     95.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  248      0.26%     95.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4132      4.26%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             209      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5546      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9662198     83.86%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  98      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  340      0.00%     83.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             119099      1.03%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              377919      3.28%     88.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1233172     10.70%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69192      0.60%     99.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53788      0.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11521352                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377320                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      96972                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008417                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53100063                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11496396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11228512                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             542545                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            297672                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266115                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11339073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 273705                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2462                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28165                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          642                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  72086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               174995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11594305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               456169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1294370                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               388                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   504                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               174221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9481                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11503466                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               443641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1728994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1270131                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1285353                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376734                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11498302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11494627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8411636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11690119                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376445                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.719551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         199732                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7725                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30468820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.373982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27479957     90.19%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       374094      1.23%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       327646      1.08%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1106297      3.63%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71751      0.24%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       634557      2.08%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        90389      0.30%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        28643      0.09%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       355486      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30468820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5632294                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11394789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1707547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       428004                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1262473                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    261074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11254170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3220      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9567265     83.96%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        116407      1.02%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         361838      3.18%     88.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1226344     10.76%     98.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66166      0.58%     99.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.47%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11394789                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               355486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41707855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23221508                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33978                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5632294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11394789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.421359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.421359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13182560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8725753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   412521                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  211292                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6333818                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5798816                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4277938                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1483041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.497054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7035082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7035082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       435263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         435263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1125099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1125099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1560362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1560362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1560362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1560362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    452226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    452226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13938116499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13938116499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14390342499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14390342499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14390342499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14390342499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       440175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       440175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1279556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1279556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1719731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1719731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1719731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1719731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92065.553746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92065.553746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90239.461462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90239.461462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90295.744461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90295.744461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90295.744461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90295.744461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18626                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1530                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.274882                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          510                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    181683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13783176499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13783176499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13964859499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13964859499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13964859499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13964859499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106185.271771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106185.271771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89240.378757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89240.378757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89426.037865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89426.037865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89426.037865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89426.037865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.027262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.364626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.027262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           255471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          255471                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        62778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          62778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        62778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           62778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        62778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          62778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63876499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63876499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63876499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63876499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63876499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63876499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        63683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        63683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        63683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        63683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        63683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70581.766851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70581.766851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70581.766851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70581.766851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70581.766851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70581.766851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63503.382950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63503.382950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63503.382950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63503.382950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63503.382950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63503.382950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157122                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.741106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.284004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16301.974890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2667170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2667170                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          732                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              732                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            347                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                347                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          390                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              390                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13551249000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13551249000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42151500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42151500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    178604000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    178604000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42151500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13729853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13772004500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42151500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13729853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13772004500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          732                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          732                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          737                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            737                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1711                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1711                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.529172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.529172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.529172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87750.675068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87750.675068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108080.769231                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108080.769231                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106820.574163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106820.574163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108080.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87954.933024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88005.089750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108080.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87954.933024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88005.089750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155392                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155392                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154429                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154429                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          390                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1672                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1672                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12006959000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12006959000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38251500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38251500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161884000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161884000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38251500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12168843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12207094500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38251500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12168843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12207094500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77750.675068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77750.675068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98080.769231                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98080.769231                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96820.574163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96820.574163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98080.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77954.933024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78005.089750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98080.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77954.933024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78005.089750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313103                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19960512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19960512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19960512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156491    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935337000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313793                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156894                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          128                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            590                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          590                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2450                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19905408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19999616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157124                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9945216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313304     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    718      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312495500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234239997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
