
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5282501067250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128467966                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                238494904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              343124549                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5716184601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10611837753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12458240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12458432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         816005711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             816018287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1970218                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1970218                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1970218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        816005711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            817988505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194662                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        470                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194662                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      470                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12454400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   29952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12458368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267153500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194662                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  470                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.932546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.786726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.262911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41474     42.83%     42.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44252     45.70%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9604      9.92%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1313      1.36%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          150      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6766.413793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6584.829855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1524.691831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.45%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.90%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     13.79%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.45%     31.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      6.90%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            7     24.14%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     13.79%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     10.34%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      6.90%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.137931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.515761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27     93.10%     93.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      6.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4722081750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8370831750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  973000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24265.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43015.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       815.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    816.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     394                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78240.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348660480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185309850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               702925860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 887400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1642471530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24568320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5167253490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103586400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380357730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.406648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11601709375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    269577000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3146138750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11332296375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342741420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182182770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               686525280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1555560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1612323090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24701760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5194553640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105690720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     652740.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9356850660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.866952                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11666594750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10014500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       418000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275004750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3080000875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11391780000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1438757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1438757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            66524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1163297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51754                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1163297                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            597427                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          565870                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22199                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     729271                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      62020                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144892                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          949                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1159705                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8495                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1187771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4334063                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1438757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            649181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29118971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 138856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        74130                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1151210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7118                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30456109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.287025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.353897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28793467     94.54%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21156      0.07%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  557293      1.83%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31972      0.10%     96.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120859      0.40%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   74796      0.25%     97.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   86610      0.28%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26705      0.09%     97.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  743251      2.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30456109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047119                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.141939                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  604779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28697666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   786365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               297871                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 69428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7166973                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 69428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  698429                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27343971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   916353                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1411453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6859580                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               100600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1000337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                363360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8162897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18894147                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9117947                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            41769                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2927958                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5234989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               251                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           316                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1921489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1212182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              88886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3427                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6495477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4702                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4774114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4061459                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7911241                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4701                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30456109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.156754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.724357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28488129     93.54%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             792114      2.60%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             416358      1.37%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             286662      0.94%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             262390      0.86%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              88595      0.29%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              75317      0.25%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27491      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19053      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30456109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11512     66.09%     66.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1216      6.98%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4224     24.25%     97.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  325      1.87%     99.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              126      0.72%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20859      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3897097     81.63%     82.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1265      0.03%     82.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10274      0.22%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15375      0.32%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              759856     15.92%     98.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              66609      1.40%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2731      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            48      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4774114                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.156351                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17419                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39990534                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10526644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4568033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              37858                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             35008                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16550                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4751160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19514                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       760366                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          194                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        59064                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           44                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1155                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 69428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24998658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               289144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6500179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1212182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               88886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16715                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                91316                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35554                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               77555                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4683054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               728976                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            91059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      790979                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  565029                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     62003                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.153368                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4603545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4584583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3318991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5349057                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.150143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620482                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4062284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            69421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29865585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.081658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.524306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28799811     96.43%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       489199      1.64%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122861      0.41%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       323357      1.08%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53205      0.18%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27033      0.09%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5478      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4206      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        40435      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29865585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1221561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2438767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        481647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       451825                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    432933                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11904                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2426732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3586      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1934474     79.32%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            210      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8674      0.36%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10176      0.42%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         450097     18.46%     98.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         29822      1.22%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1728      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2438767                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                40435                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36326201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13594086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          78579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1221561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2438767                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.996450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.996450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4905525                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3963025                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    29582                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14768                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2940819                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1303399                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2424964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             323710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.372839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3233636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3233636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       302693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         302693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        28852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       331545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          331545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       331545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         331545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       416945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       416945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       417915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        417915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       417915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       417915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34299617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34299617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38563000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38563000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34338180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34338180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34338180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34338180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       719638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       719638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       749460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       749460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       749460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       749460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.579382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.579382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.557621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.557621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82264.128362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82264.128362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39755.670103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39755.670103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82165.464269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82165.464269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82165.464269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82165.464269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              768                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.656250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19194416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19194416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36907000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36907000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19231323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19231323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19231323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19231323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81736.102949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81736.102949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38364.864865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38364.864865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81559.157068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81559.157068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81559.157068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81559.157068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4604843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4604843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1151207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1151207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1151207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1151207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1151207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1151207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1151210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1151210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1151210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1151210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1151210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1151210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194675                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      265143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.361978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.293079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.243513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.463408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3965483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3965483                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         40461                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             40461                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                41137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    41137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               41137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   41137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28077000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      28077000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       317500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       317500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18389679000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18389679000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       317500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18417756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18418073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       317500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18417756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18418073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           962                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               962                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.297297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827704                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.827704                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.825540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.825542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.825540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.825542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98171.328671                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98171.328671                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94610.254511                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94610.254511                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94615.486569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94615.659451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94615.486569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94615.659451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194373                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194373                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25217000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25217000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       287500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16445939000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16445939000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       287500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16471156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16471443500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       287500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16471156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16471443500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.825540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.825542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.825540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.825542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88171.328671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88171.328671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84610.203063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84610.203063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84615.435197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84615.608080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84615.435197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84615.608080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389319                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194663                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12488512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12488512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12488512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194662    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           460386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1051980750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       471598                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235797                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       707388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                707397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15231680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15232064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194675                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           430474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429953     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    521      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             430474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          238001000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         353694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
