
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3221409610375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              104427493                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                193376324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              288210442                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5531824224                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10243702527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11920512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11920512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        58240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           58240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         780784916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             780784916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3814678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3814678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3814678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        780784916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            784599594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186259                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        910                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186259                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      910                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11911296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   57664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11920576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                58240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186259                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  910                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.709865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.605743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.076230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45870     47.03%     47.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42241     43.31%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8126      8.33%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1105      1.13%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      0.14%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3318.482143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3231.483997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    774.153990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      5.36%      5.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            8     14.29%     19.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      8.93%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            9     16.07%     44.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7     12.50%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      3.57%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            9     16.07%     76.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      1.79%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6     10.71%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      5.36%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.089286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.084850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.394360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               53     94.64%     94.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.79%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4617727750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8107365250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  930570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24811.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43561.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       780.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    780.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    88708                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     768                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81570.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354158280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188224410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               676393620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4687560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1618483650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24627360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5195809350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        99681120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9366759750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.515990                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11654696250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9729500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    259767000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3093318375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11394929250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342270180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181917120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               652460340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  15660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1564305150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24587520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5233093050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       113948160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9317906220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.316119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11773260000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    296725250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2974680500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11476624875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1955509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1955509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           100799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1590789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  82577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12786                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1590789                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            785204                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          805585                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        41417                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     968961                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     114904                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       172315                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1828                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1532764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8499                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1580325                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6085718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1955509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            867781                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28706831                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 206956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        69956                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1524265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                15488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30464612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.402998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.601081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28187474     92.53%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   42391      0.14%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  692025      2.27%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   54191      0.18%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  161616      0.53%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  103271      0.34%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  110253      0.36%     96.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   43296      0.14%     96.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1070095      3.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30464612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.064042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  860560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27947502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1195106                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               357966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                103478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10222017                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                103478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  986035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26556694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23986                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1343934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1450485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9753293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                97815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1081456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                297130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11585314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26603015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13213378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            80393                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4039046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7546270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2167237                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1625292                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             168279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8960                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9112885                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9821                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6686234                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5768076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11112031                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          9821                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30464612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.219475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.883367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27917854     91.64%     91.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             934045      3.07%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             515428      1.69%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             360401      1.18%     97.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             376039      1.23%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             151064      0.50%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             122736      0.40%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              52122      0.17%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34923      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30464612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22802     71.50%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2377      7.45%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5774     18.10%     97.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  554      1.74%     98.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              377      1.18%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            33469      0.50%      0.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5450606     81.52%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2756      0.04%     82.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22263      0.33%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              29640      0.44%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1017454     15.22%     98.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             123641      1.85%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6384      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            21      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6686234                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.218972                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      31893                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004770                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43805651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14823289                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6348047                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              75225                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             67498                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        32488                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6645838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  38820                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9744                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1045747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          315                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1548                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                103478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23988446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               293625                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9122706                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1625292                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              168279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3571                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                82777                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         48950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        69581                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              118531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6528307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               968416                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           157928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1083298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  753427                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    114882                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.213800                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6413186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6380535                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4709607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7582472                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.208960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5769095                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           103474                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29624675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.113238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.651458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28271560     95.43%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       590309      1.99%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       158554      0.54%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       381628      1.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        77474      0.26%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45185      0.15%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12296      0.04%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8623      0.03%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        79046      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29624675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1681554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3354627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        643629                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       579544                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    557414                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     25818                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3328596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11325                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7761      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2661927     79.35%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            453      0.01%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           18813      0.56%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22044      0.66%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         575770     17.16%     97.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         64085      1.91%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3774      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3354627                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                79046                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38669351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19090943                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            586                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          70076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1681554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3354627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.158613                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.158613                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.055070                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.055070                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7012211                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5530497                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    57367                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   28686                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3893018                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1803771                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3266659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           269129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             526490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           269129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.956274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4331313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4331313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       469143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         469143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        62995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         62995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       532138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          532138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       532138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         532138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       482318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       482318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1090                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1090                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       483408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        483408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       483408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       483408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34689136500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34689136500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34760688500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34760688500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34760688500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34760688500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       951461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       951461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        64085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1015546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1015546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1015546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1015546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.506924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.506924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.476008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.476008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71921.712439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71921.712439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65644.036697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65644.036697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71907.557384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71907.557384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71907.557384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71907.557384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32016                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.767563                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       214263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       214263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       214279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       214279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       214279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       214279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       268055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       269129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       269129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18954829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18954829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69000500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69000500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19023829500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19023829500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19023829500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19023829500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.265009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.265009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70712.461995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70712.461995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64246.275605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64246.275605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70686.657699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70686.657699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70686.657699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70686.657699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6097060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6097060                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1524265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1524265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1524265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1524265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1524265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1524265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1524265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1524265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1524265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1524265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1524265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1524265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186279                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      346135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.858154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.317903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.682097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5087                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4490455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4490455                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         82395                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             82395                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                82871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    82871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               82871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   82871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             598                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 598                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       185661                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          185661                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62182000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      62182000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17651549500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17651549500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17713731500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17713731500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17713731500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17713731500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       268056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        268056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           269130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               269130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          269130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              269130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.556797                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.556797                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.692620                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.692620                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.692078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.692078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.692078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.692078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103983.277592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103983.277592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95074.083949                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95074.083949                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95102.687655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95102.687655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95102.687655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95102.687655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185661                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       185661                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56202000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56202000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15794949500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15794949500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15851151500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15851151500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15851151500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15851151500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.556797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.692620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.692078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.692078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.692078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.692078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93983.277592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93983.277592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85074.137810                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85074.137810                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85102.741344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85102.741344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85102.741344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85102.741344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        372511                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186257                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             185660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        185661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       558769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       558769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 558769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11978752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11978752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11978752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186259    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           439158500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1009108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       538259                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       269127                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          422                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             31                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            268055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          452012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       268056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       807388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                807388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17383360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17383360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186279                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     58240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           455409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 454958     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    448      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             455409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          271615500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         403693500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
