
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1679407853750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               35418087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 64499830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              145482476                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   104.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3716873465                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6768794285                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16788160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           16791872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2861760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2861760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          262315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              262373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         44715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              44715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            243133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1099612340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1099855473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       243133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           243133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       187443211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            187443211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       187443211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           243133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1099612340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1287298684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      262372                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      44715                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    262372                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    44715                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               16791680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2861568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                16791808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2861760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             16406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             16420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             16529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             16450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             16275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             16275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             16444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             16314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             16292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             16380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            16295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            16408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            16510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            16519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            16458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            16395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                262372                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                44715                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  162398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   99899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    868.712871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   750.477572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   298.128064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          844      3.73%      3.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1069      4.73%      8.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          681      3.01%     11.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          534      2.36%     13.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          883      3.90%     17.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          480      2.12%     19.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          714      3.16%     23.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1164      5.14%     28.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16255     71.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     147.977086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.263860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   6931.132086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383         2792     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.173240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2785     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.07%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.07%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2770348750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7689786250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1311850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10558.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29308.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1099.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       187.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1099.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    187.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   243506                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   40952                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49716.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 80246460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 42652005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               936146820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              115951860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         818700480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1531105500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64936800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2137824330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       474432480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1466175480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7668172215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            502.259735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11737317625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64076250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     347088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5816840875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1235497750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4688357250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 81288900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 43206075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               937174980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              117444780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         832222560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1572498900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66062400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2141862780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       487948320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1435874280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7715583975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            505.365171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11646961500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     66551000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     352832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5679077250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1270737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3200981875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4697164750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3751312                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3751312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6872                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3750102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   1071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3750102                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3714159                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           35943                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1330                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3840428                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     362064                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3622                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          747                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      33773                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             38328                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      19201855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3751312                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3715230                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30485005                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  59                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    33707                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30530745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.115213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.516663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                23063432     75.54%     75.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2718791      8.91%     84.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  480131      1.57%     86.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  337339      1.10%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  162574      0.53%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  120870      0.40%     88.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  384789      1.26%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  308716      1.01%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2954103      9.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30530745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.122854                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.628854                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1364988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24892075                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1304316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2962394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6972                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              33878679                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6972                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2101328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14963206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2748                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3529934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              9926557                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              33828978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               880746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2232223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  8891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6212418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           55441182                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             76072751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        45513577                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           183793                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             55146420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  294762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                41                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            39                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 10888009                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3858840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             379748                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              432                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  33802540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 33749928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         201965                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       253249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           341                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30530745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.105441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.889212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20417537     66.88%     66.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2317692      7.59%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1369969      4.49%     78.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2218899      7.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             946550      3.10%     89.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1511446      4.95%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1559911      5.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             177223      0.58%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              11518      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30530745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7984     76.81%     76.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   20      0.19%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1127     10.84%     87.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1204     11.58%     99.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.02%     99.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              58      0.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17927      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29511890     87.44%     87.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5177      0.02%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   39      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                973      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3851207     11.41%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             181390      0.54%     99.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            187      0.00%     99.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        181138      0.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              33749928                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.105298                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10395                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97676682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33821577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33525940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             364992                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            183365                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182370                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33559879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 182517                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        37173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19256                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           90                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6972                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12077223                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1794634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           33802922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               94                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3858840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              379748                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 36641                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1757962                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5554                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7446                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33715191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3840395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            34737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4202453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3717736                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    362058                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.104160                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      33714229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     33708310                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27830744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 39827290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.103935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.698786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         201976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             41                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30502403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.101584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.963468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22680480     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       463839      1.52%     75.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       132379      0.43%     76.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       187521      0.61%     76.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3361602     11.02%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3511324     11.51%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5236      0.02%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4823      0.02%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       155199      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30502403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18906029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              33600957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4182159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3821667                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3705456                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    181915                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33582893                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 334                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17365      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        29395547     87.48%     87.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5164      0.02%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              14      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           708      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3821575     11.37%     98.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        179476      0.53%     99.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           92      0.00%     99.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       181016      0.54%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         33600957                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               155199                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    64150137                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   67634372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             52                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           3943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18906029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33600957                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.615077                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.615077                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.619166                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.619166                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                45312136                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29622316                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   183304                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    1110                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 18622157                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                25689090                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11636250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           263284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1353955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           263284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.142565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17062776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17062776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1038120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1038120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       315835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        315835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1353955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1353955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1353955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1353955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2801259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2801259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        44659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2845918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2845918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2845918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2845918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 187352270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 187352270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3894265000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3894265000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 191246535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 191246535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 191246535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 191246535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3839379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3839379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       360494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       360494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4199873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4199873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4199873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4199873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.729613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.729613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.677620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.677620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.677620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66881.452233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66881.452233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87200.004478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87200.004478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67200.297057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67200.297057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67200.297057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67200.297057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.836735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        45675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            45675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2582633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2582633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2582634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2582634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2582634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2582634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       218626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       263284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       263284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17654581500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17654581500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3849531500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3849531500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21504113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21504113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21504113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21504113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123880                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123880                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80752.433379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80752.433379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86200.266470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86200.266470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81676.490026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81676.490026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81676.490026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81676.490026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.125185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2742890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         18533.040541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.125185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           134977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          134977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        33531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        33531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           33531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        33531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          33531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        33707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        33707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        33707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        33707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        33707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42488.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42488.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42488.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42488.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42488.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42488.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42590.604027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42590.604027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42590.604027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42590.604027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42590.604027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42590.604027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    262486                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      264372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    262486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.007185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.520407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         4.630548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16369.849045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4477358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4477358                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        45675                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            45675                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  89                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           44651                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               44651                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           58                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               58                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       217663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          217663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             262314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 262372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                58                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            262314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                262372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3782461500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3782461500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      5181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17316493000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17316493000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5181500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21098954500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      21104136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5181500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21098954500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     21104136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        45675                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        45675                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         44658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             44658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            147                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       218626                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        218626                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           263284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               263431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          263284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              263431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.394558                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.394558                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995595                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995595                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.394558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.996316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.394558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.996316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84711.686188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84711.686188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89336.206897                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89336.206897                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79556.438164                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79556.438164                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89336.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80433.962732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80435.930663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89336.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80433.962732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80435.930663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                44715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     44715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44651                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          44651                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           58                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       217663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        262314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            262372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           58                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           262372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3335951500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3335951500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4601500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4601500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15139863000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15139863000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18475814500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18480416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18475814500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18480416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.394558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.394558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.394558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74711.686188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74711.686188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79336.206897                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79336.206897                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69556.438164                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69556.438164                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79336.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70433.962732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70435.930663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79336.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70433.962732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70435.930663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        524745                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       262373                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             217721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           217658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             44651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            44651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        217721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       787117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       787117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 787117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19653568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19653568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19653568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            262372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  262372    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              262372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           788906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1378771750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       526865                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       263432                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            130                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          129                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            218775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        90390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          435380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            44658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           44658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       218626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       789852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                790296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19773376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19792256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          262488                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2861888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           525919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.017054                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 525769     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    149      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             525919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          309255500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            223500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         394926499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
