
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               534357044375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3149993                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5952890                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39877456                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   382.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1205995318                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2279102555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         246848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             246976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       199488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          199488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16168365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16176749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13066320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13066320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13066320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16168365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29243069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3117                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3117                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 246976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  198848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  246976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               199488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269599000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3117                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     99.500000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.063353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   137.062031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3957     88.33%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          242      5.40%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           93      2.08%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           38      0.85%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.92%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      0.69%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.49%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.76%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.103448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.698438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.426756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             9      5.17%      5.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            58     33.33%     38.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            30     17.24%     55.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            23     13.22%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            18     10.34%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             7      4.02%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            11      6.32%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            12      6.90%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             5      2.87%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.856322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.848515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.512322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12      6.90%      6.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.57%      7.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              161     92.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    331228250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               403584500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     85832.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               104582.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2436                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2188876.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    35.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 12387900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6584325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                10617180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7574220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1095903120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            417051330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             50768160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2472575640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2149511040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        906191700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7130840565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            467.064901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14216303250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     91518750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     465242000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3196817000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5597660625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     493807250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5422298500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19606440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10417275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16936080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8644320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1290744000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            502089630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47471520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3483521370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2212294080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        285552120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7878512985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            516.036903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14039787250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73216750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     547584000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    639428500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5761334750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     606421750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7639358375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13262100                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13262100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1102561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11056388                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 990591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            211350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11056388                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3555970                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7500418                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       798116                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9902542                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7429578                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140080                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        49211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8936461                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13812                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9672642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59733747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13262100                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4546561                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19680380                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2221038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63071                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8922649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               274741                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.744710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.581481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12338852     40.41%     40.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  861790      2.82%     43.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1239495      4.06%     47.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1410338      4.62%     51.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1115409      3.65%     55.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1107814      3.63%     59.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1019372      3.34%     62.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  876801      2.87%     65.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10564506     34.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.956259                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8544368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4315759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15602302                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               961429                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1110519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108699688                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1110519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9324457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3324145                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         32738                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15717723                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1024795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103523978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 67446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                901588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110067307                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260428095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155356364                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3204096                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67583978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42483285                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1605                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   889613                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11838174                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8865518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           489477                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          203363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92968057                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              73264                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82718912                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           460637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29796915                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43198059                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         73241                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.709042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.530667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9960662     32.62%     32.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2820206      9.24%     41.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3029904      9.92%     51.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3075962     10.07%     61.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3114110     10.20%     72.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2761874      9.05%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3089143     10.12%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1649784      5.40%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1032732      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 806232     73.60%     73.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14194      1.30%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100028      9.13%     84.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84818      7.74%     91.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              474      0.04%     91.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           89704      8.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           511952      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62668177     75.76%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74256      0.09%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85678      0.10%     76.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1159877      1.40%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10052804     12.15%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7482882      9.05%     99.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         396299      0.48%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        286987      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82718912                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.709014                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1095450                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013243                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193583943                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119693496                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77116482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3944338                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3145836                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1783651                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81312021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1990389                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1217017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4268727                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10259                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2674                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2665597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1110519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3375818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93041321                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            15383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11838174                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8865518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             25700                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   100                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5460                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2674                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        303232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1160525                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1463757                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80068867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9895342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2650038                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17317407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8655659                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7422065                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.622226                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79517476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78900133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55123510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86277314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.583951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29797453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1109839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26050452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.427765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.732892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9472307     36.36%     36.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3756996     14.42%     50.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2597669      9.97%     60.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3512296     13.48%     74.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1124731      4.32%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1126311      4.32%     82.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       795721      3.05%     85.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       465010      1.79%     87.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3199411     12.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26050452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33391665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63244385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13769367                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7569447                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7359194                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1287900                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62276951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              457392                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       256486      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48117038     76.08%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53656      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74970      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        972868      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7297269     11.54%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6199920      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       272178      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63244385                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3199411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115892879                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190655242                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             38                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            311                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33391665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63244385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.914440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.914440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.093565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.093565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115546403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61850240                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2510375                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1238656                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40134813                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21050396                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35188326                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1076416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           212.772485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58999075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58999075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8541283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8541283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6199735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6199735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14741018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14741018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14741018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14741018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159445500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159445500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    541945500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    541945500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    701391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    701391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    701391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    701391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8545461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8545461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6203043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6203043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14748504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14748504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14748504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14748504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38163.116324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38163.116324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163828.748489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163828.748489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93693.694897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93693.694897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93693.694897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93693.694897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     87322500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87322500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    534184000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534184000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    621506500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621506500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    621506500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    621506500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48838.087248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48838.087248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163209.288115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163209.288115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122803.102154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122803.102154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122803.102154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122803.102154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1104802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           828.187406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35691932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35691932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8921253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8921253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8921253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8921253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8921253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8921253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17892500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17892500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17892500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17892500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8922649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8922649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8922649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8922649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8922649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8922649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12816.977077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12816.977077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12816.977077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12816.977077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12816.977077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12816.977077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12117.514970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12117.514970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12117.514970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12117.514970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12117.514970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12117.514970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3872                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.402893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       46.468981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.030329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16313.500690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    106024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   106024                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3832                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3832                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1334                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1334                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1332                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1332                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1189                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1189                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1202                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    529167000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     529167000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72004500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     72004500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    601171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        601365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    601171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       601365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3832                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3832                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1334                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1334                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001499                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001499                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334639                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.334639                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.762404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.603629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.762404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.603629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162370.972691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162370.972691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120408.862876                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120408.862876                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155865.050557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155834.413060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155865.050557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155834.413060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3117                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3117                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3259                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3259                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    496577000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496577000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66024500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66024500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    562601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    562601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.603629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.603629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152370.972691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152370.972691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110408.862876                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110408.862876                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 145865.050557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145834.413060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 145865.050557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145834.413060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7712                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3857                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       446464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       446464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  446464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3861    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21234500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12790                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6394                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           23                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             23                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3123                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       170752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       569024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 739776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3874                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    199616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.067501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10222     99.54%     99.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     47      0.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11561000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2004499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7589500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
