
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10732942919875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               75929844                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142003059                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              184938288                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    82.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6268289858                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11722879888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9976320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10002176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9911424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9911424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1693549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653441746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655135295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649191105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649191105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649191105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1693549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653441746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304326400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156284                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154866                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154866                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10002176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9911488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10002176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9911424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267336000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156284                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154866                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    715.366742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   550.035520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.524858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2261      8.12%      8.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2595      9.32%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1921      6.90%     24.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1684      6.05%     30.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1633      5.87%     36.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1451      5.21%     41.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1300      4.67%     46.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1528      5.49%     51.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13464     48.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.160170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.105524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.627418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.49%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            98      1.01%      1.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9336     96.54%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           141      1.46%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.228575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9628     99.56%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.06%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               14      0.14%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                6      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2891444750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5821769750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18501.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37251.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142604                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140710                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49067.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99738660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53012355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559676040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404764020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751090080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1509837090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61061760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2102626830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       311113920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577748540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7430669295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.703466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11712840000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40937750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6376068125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    810167500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3110850750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4611054000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 99017520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52629060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556191720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403641720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         752934000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1514317860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             68282880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2075808900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       328370400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1574758680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7425952740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.394535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11768529500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     55130000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     319094000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6361304500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    855179750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3124537500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4552098375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1326590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4344                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1326590                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1286477                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40113                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5169                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350980                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319786                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         1023                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2721                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53305                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78420                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5832712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1290821                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30412095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          920                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53167                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2153                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28798767     94.42%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39973      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42814      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224954      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27606      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9063      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9722      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24977      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321285      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191019                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  440363                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28576947                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   631812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               842456                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11688860                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 281518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1205817                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28279951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11651952                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27996143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14829691                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24657118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13395959                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           307051                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14539551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  290169                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4979095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20619                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20862                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11584345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                923                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11516831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         189985                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       275615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           796                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.257917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27377279     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             479584      1.57%     91.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             558873      1.83%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347107      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             349165      1.14%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1067136      3.50%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119331      0.39%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             175634      0.58%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25052      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73179     94.22%     94.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  436      0.56%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   792      1.02%     95.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  218      0.28%     96.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2797      3.60%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             244      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4525      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9755483     84.71%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 115      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  335      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              80869      0.70%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307356      2.67%     88.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279844     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46717      0.41%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41587      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11516831                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377172                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77666                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53235019                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11565680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11306242                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             377793                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            209791                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184941                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11399414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 190558                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26359                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          757                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  58617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               180534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11585268                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               416                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               179978                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11499864                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670584                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305772                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319767                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376616                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11494896                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11491183                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8400507                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11779979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.713117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         190302                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7418                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30468540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27441738     90.07%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       348580      1.14%     91.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322573      1.06%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1157566      3.80%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73941      0.24%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       730949      2.40%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72430      0.24%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22321      0.07%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       298442      0.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30468540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5632110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11395296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1649958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336076                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298242                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180923                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11300296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2363      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9663996     84.81%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78614      0.69%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         291756      2.56%     88.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272886     11.17%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44320      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11395296                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               298442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41755696                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23202369                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            330                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5632110                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11395296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.421536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.421536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184450                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184450                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13149537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8721995                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283747                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142665                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6512645                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5783534                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4289943                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.634722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6799072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6799072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    358846500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358846500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13937285996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13937285996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14296132496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14296132496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14296132496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14296132496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       346893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       346893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1660784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1660784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1660784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1660784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89981.569709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89981.569709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90266.227096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90266.227096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90259.059890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90259.059890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90259.059890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90259.059890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          234                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              196                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    93.168367                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          117                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13782097497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13782097497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13946854497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13946854497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13946854497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13946854497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106226.305609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106226.305609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89266.914717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89266.914717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89435.591832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89435.591832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89435.591832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89435.591832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.780018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.668901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.780018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           213420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          213420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66318499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66318499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66318499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66318499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66318499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66318499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72321.154853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72321.154853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72321.154853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72321.154853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72321.154853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72321.154853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65151.595745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65151.595745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65151.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65151.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65151.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65151.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156938                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       61.162703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.662775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16285.174522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2663714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2663714                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          746                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              746                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            342                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                342                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13550210000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13550210000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44253000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44253000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    161968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13712178500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13756431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13712178500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13756431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          746                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          746                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            746                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541555                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.541555                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976144                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.976144                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.541555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.541555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87779.188557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87779.188557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109537.128713                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109537.128713                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106980.515192                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106980.515192                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109537.128713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87965.682155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88021.444796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109537.128713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87965.682155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88021.444796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1514                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12006550000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12006550000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40213000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40213000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146828500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146828500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12153378500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12193591500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12153378500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12193591500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77779.253338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77779.253338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99537.128713                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99537.128713                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96980.515192                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96980.515192                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99537.128713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77965.746306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78021.508782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99537.128713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77965.746306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78021.508782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312558                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156290                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156284    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932634000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822017250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313377                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156682                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          123                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            757                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          757                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19889664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19985152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156944                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9911808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312753     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    880      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312274500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1128499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233907499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
