
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6916106888625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              132513294                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                246409114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              346252230                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5842923381                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10864946712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12637120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12637120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         827722222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             827722222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1555215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1555215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1555215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        827722222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            829277437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197453                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        371                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197453                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12634112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   23680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12636992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267322000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197453                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  371                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.080873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.649528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.956438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41154     42.29%     42.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44632     45.86%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9976     10.25%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1358      1.40%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          156      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8741.826087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8518.356020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2058.623341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.35%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.35%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     17.39%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     17.39%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     13.04%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      8.70%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.086957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.082146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.417029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22     95.65%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      4.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4843625750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8545025750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  987040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24536.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43286.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       827.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    827.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100152                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     316                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77176.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347361000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184626750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707602560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 678600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1640487930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24012480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5171625390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102131040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9383834790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.634393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11606809750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266304500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141284500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11340518125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347432400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184676085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               701897700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1252800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633345260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24290880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5209667760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        75831840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383703765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.625811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11621982500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    197338250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3125897000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11425266875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1473467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1473467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60855                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1169247                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  39223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6278                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1169247                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            625969                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          543278                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20063                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     673180                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      42916                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138805                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          850                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1226448                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4726                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1253447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4261136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1473467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            665192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29107804                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 124720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43475                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1221722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     16                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30472275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.281315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.337664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28806575     94.53%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20440      0.07%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  613582      2.01%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   22188      0.07%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120562      0.40%     97.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   53211      0.17%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   77866      0.26%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   20162      0.07%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  737689      2.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30472275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.139551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  615706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28713623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   790855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               289731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 62360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7011339                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 62360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  700207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27558819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   920954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1214886                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6724096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                57954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                973059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                198026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8019043                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18732014                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8786930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            32189                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2783847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5235191                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           240                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1856050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1215959                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              64331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4023                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6384556                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4519040                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4066852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8609123                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4217                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30472275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.148300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.700000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28596803     93.85%     93.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             755494      2.48%     96.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             396553      1.30%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             264234      0.87%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             278243      0.91%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              76946      0.25%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              64910      0.21%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22160      0.07%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16932      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30472275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8847     67.12%     67.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  968      7.34%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3028     22.97%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  211      1.60%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               58      0.44%     99.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              69      0.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15606      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3732203     82.59%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1074      0.02%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8207      0.18%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12327      0.27%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              701373     15.52%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              46153      1.02%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1829      0.04%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           268      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4519040                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.147997                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13181                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002917                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39498221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10428817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4334036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              30210                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26810                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13318                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4501076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15539                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3729                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       776650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          139                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41113                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1370                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 62360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25855013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               252284                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6388773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1215959                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               64331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1532                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                53393                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        36037                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               68797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4440201                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               672944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            78839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      715853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  526367                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     42909                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.145415                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4362073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4347354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3205902                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5038464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.142374                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.636286                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4067383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            62358                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29899115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.509848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28879414     96.59%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       474707      1.59%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111240      0.37%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305670      1.02%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55536      0.19%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27007      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5096      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3596      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36849      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29899115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1161915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2321916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        462525                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       439307                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    418728                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9256                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2312503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2829      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1841590     79.31%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            164      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6888      0.30%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7920      0.34%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         437971     18.86%     98.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23218      1.00%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1336      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2321916                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36849                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36251565                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13353217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          62413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1161915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2321916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.279623                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.279623                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038052                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038052                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4354916                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3782581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23807                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11805                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2765975                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1179134                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2343818                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           230006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             278037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           230006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.208825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2984174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2984174                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       255528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         255528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       277872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          277872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       277872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         277872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34876047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34876047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32669498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32669498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34908716498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34908716498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34908716498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34908716498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       665324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       665324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       688542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       688542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       688542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       688542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.615934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.596434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.596434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85105.874630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85105.874630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37379.288330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37379.288330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85004.301502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85004.301502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85004.301502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85004.301502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19080                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.632653                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19416303500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19416303500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31518998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31518998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19447822498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19447822498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19447822498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19447822498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037514                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037514                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84737.397168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84737.397168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36187.138921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36187.138921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84553.544247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84553.544247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84553.544247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84553.544247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4886888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4886888                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1221722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1221722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1221722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1221722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1221722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1221722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1221722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1221722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1221722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197457                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      253768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.285181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.891153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.108847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3875129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3875129                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               645                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   645                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         31908                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31908                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                32553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    32553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               32553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   32553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             226                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23154500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23154500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18711754000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18711754000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18734908500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18734908500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18734908500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18734908500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       229135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        229135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           230006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               230006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          230006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              230006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.259472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.259472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.860746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.858469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.858469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.858469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.858469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102453.539823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102453.539823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94874.200794                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94874.200794                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94882.875925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94882.875925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94882.875925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94882.875925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197227                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197227                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20894500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20894500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16739484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16739484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16760378500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16760378500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16760378500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16760378500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.259472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.858469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.858469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92453.539823                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92453.539823                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84874.200794                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84874.200794                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84882.875925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84882.875925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84882.875925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84882.875925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394898                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12660736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12660736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12660736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197453                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197453    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197453                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465270500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1066325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       460012                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230006                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          548                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            229135                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       229135                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       690018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                690018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14855232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14855232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197457                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001310                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426903     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    560      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         345009000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
