
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3709964622375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66489554                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123207919                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              181898493                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5580686507                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10341247407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12265664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12265664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        43072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           43072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         803392122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             803392122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2821185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2821185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2821185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        803392122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            806213307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        673                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191652                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      673                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12259776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   43008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12265728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                43072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     93                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267512500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191652                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  673                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.480076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.694452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.695381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43286     44.50%     44.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43620     44.85%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8959      9.21%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1188      1.22%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          157      0.16%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4653.023810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4493.912489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1225.791919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.38%      2.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.38%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      7.14%     11.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.38%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      4.76%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      4.76%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      9.52%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      9.52%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      9.52%     52.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      4.76%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     11.90%     69.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      2.38%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      7.14%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      4.76%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      7.14%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.38%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.38%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.38%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               42    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4701745750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8293477000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  957795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24544.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43294.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       803.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    803.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94396                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     563                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79383.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354022620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188140920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               697649400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1482480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1641145140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24487680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5183606790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        91012800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9386242230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.792079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11604833250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    237158750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3143304250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367843125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                340492320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180991140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               670074720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2025360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1588804890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24501120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5208211410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       114355680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9334765680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.420402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11719757000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9482500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    297968500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3028244625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11421788500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1779087                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1779087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            85171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1473055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  65711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9786                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1473055                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            731048                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          742007                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33187                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     852443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      84342                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       157384                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1433                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1417267                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6493                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1456894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5390435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1779087                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            796759                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28865403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 174382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54391                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1410774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     14                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30469583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.356511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.506782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28424064     93.29%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   35538      0.12%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  663051      2.18%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   40770      0.13%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  144947      0.48%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   87957      0.29%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   95978      0.31%     96.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34877      0.11%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  942401      3.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30469583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.058264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.176535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  763266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28249550                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1038471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               331105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 87191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8967645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 87191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  872996                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26926040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         27175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1180004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1376177                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8567550                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                86192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1030925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                283059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10188795                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23513433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11456510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            52900                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3484137                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6704678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               412                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           520                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2043175                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1471921                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             122780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5719                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8046672                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7257                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5828736                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8435                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5153322                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10203410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7257                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30469583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.191297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.816363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28190705     92.52%     92.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             860491      2.82%     95.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             467705      1.53%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             320812      1.05%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             340446      1.12%     99.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             122494      0.40%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              99604      0.33%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              40087      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              27239      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30469583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  16846     70.96%     70.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1741      7.33%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4655     19.61%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  389      1.64%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               89      0.37%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            26550      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4774720     81.92%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2066      0.04%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                16034      0.28%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              21476      0.37%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              893496     15.33%     98.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              90946      1.56%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3402      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            46      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5828736                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.190889                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      23739                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004073                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42107260                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13165922                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5552355                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              51969                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             41336                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        23512                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5799144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  26781                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7488                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       954105                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          261                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           69                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1038                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 87191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24644778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               276021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8053929                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1471921                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              122780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2674                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21369                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                71847                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         42357                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               98485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5701923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               852028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           126813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      936361                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  661493                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     84333                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.186736                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5600891                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5575867                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4123332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6564302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.182608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628145                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5154171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            87186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29725471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.097580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.594897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28522523     95.95%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       537536      1.81%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136429      0.46%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       346553      1.17%     99.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68161      0.23%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        36804      0.12%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9746      0.03%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6320      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        61399      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29725471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1452246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2900625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        564282                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       517818                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    496498                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     18620                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2881821                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5600      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2300959     79.33%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            328      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13544      0.47%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15912      0.55%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         515110     17.76%     98.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         46464      1.60%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2708      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2900625                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                61399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37718868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16856333                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            495                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          65105                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1452246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2900625                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             21.025837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       21.025837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.047561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.047561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5929507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4841981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    41466                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   20708                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3419281                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1548030                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2906233                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           251181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             428521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           251181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.706025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3792473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3792473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       387253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         387253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        45424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         45424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       432677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          432677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       432677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         432677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       451606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       451606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       452646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        452646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       452646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       452646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34954241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34954241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35008780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35008780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35008780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35008780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       838859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       838859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        46464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       885323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       885323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       885323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       885323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.538357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022383                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022383                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.511278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.511278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.511278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.511278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77399.859612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77399.859612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52441.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52441.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77342.514901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77342.514901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77342.514901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77342.514901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24491                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.517978                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       250153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       250153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       251180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       251180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19160961500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19160961500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52489500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52489500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19213451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19213451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19213451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19213451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022103                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022103                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76596.968655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76596.968655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51109.542356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51109.542356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76492.758181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76492.758181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76492.758181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76492.758181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5643096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5643096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1410774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1410774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1410774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1410774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1410774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1410774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1410774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1410774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1410774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191665                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      309458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.614578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.634978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.365022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4208377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4208377                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2298                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2298                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         58943                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             58943                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                59528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               59528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             442                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 442                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191652                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191652                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44537500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      44537500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18135845500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18135845500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18180383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18180383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18180383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18180383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2298                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2298                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       250153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        250153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           251180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               251180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          251180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              251180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.430380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.430380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764372                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.764372                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.763007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.763007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.763007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.763007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100763.574661                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100763.574661                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94847.787773                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94847.787773                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94861.431136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94861.431136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94861.431136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94861.431136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  673                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       673                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40117500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40117500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16223735500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16223735500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16263853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16263853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16263853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16263853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.430380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.763007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.763007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90763.574661                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90763.574661                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84847.735474                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84847.735474                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84861.378958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84861.378958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84861.378958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84861.378958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        383297                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191653                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       574950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       574950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 574950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12308864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12308864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12308864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191652    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           451487000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1036658250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       502361                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       251182                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          512                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           24                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            250154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          439875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       250153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       753542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                753542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16222656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16222656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191665                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     43072                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           442845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 442307     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    537      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             442845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          253478500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         376771500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
