
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2824458663125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               92910681                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                171935253                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              258639804                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    59.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5484457134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10149227818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11329856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11329856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        90432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           90432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          177029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              177029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         742097375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             742097375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5923231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5923231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5923231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        742097375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            748020606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      177029                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1413                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    177029                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11319232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   89856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11329856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                90432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    166                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267351500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                177029                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1413                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  135180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   38633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.766060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.438516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.351706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47775     49.73%     49.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39942     41.58%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7275      7.57%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          887      0.92%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      0.12%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           87                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2011.827586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1943.252843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    530.051165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      1.15%      1.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      6.90%      8.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            5      5.75%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           11     12.64%     26.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      3.45%     29.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      2.30%     32.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919           10     11.49%     43.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8      9.20%     52.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            9     10.34%     63.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            8      9.20%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            6      6.90%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            7      8.05%     87.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      3.45%     90.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      1.15%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      1.15%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            2      2.30%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            2      2.30%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            2      2.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            87                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           87                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.137931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.509729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               81     93.10%     93.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      6.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            87                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4429834750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7746016000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  884315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25046.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43796.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       741.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    742.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    81010                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1192                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85559.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352080540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187123860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               648818940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6488460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1584085860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24794400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5228135760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       101257920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9337480140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.598197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11729581500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9774500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    263849500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3018388125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11465732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                333816420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                177431430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               613982880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 840420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1508679420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24704160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5267804340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       131443200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9264011310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            606.786042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11895201000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9794000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    342294250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2852432750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11552963125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2451571                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2451571                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           138702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1982145                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 121031                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             17818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1982145                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            958962                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1023183                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        60256                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1237893                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     172592                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       200335                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2985                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1854877                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11646                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1921792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7861922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2451571                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1079993                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28290339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 285102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        94866                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1843231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                23261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30455730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.521208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.811673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27579370     90.56%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   53496      0.18%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  790574      2.60%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   80224      0.26%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  200869      0.66%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  157473      0.52%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  139859      0.46%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   62452      0.21%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1391413      4.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30455730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.080288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.257475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1109473                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27188345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1601445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               413916                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                142551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              13305338                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                142551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1268423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25685232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         36355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1764323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1558846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12663091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               119478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1157724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                310112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15038285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             34269951                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        17396629                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           114964                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5231681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 9806679                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           659                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2419807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2040778                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             246999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11740068                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              12709                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8723194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7416585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13806032                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         12709                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30455730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.286422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.025030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27312622     89.68%     89.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1062124      3.49%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             624571      2.05%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             444147      1.46%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             478863      1.57%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             222028      0.73%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             178152      0.58%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              80801      0.27%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              52422      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30455730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  35732     72.83%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3681      7.50%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  8396     17.11%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  869      1.77%     99.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              373      0.76%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            48674      0.56%      0.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              7087899     81.25%     81.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3931      0.05%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                36160      0.41%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              45653      0.52%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1306709     14.98%     97.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             185076      2.12%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           9061      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            31      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8723194                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.285681                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      49065                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005625                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          47854501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         19078531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8239690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             113963                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             90838                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        51044                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8664772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  58813                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           15846                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1330259                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          580                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       140385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          158                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1345                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                142551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22620882                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               308360                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11752777                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             9813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2040778                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              246999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 27031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                90594                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         65009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        99314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              164323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8492545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1236876                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           230645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1409420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  957811                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    172544                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.278128                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8342408                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8290734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6171404                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 10018428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.271519                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.616005                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7417778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           142547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29362268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.147682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.763413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27697802     94.33%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       698381      2.38%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       200110      0.68%     97.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445769      1.52%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       102837      0.35%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        65993      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19048      0.06%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13865      0.05%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       118463      0.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29362268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2175188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4336268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        817149                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       710535                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    683876                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     42850                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4292974                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               18800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12968      0.30%      0.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3437243     79.27%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            752      0.02%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           31568      0.73%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         36588      0.84%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         704273     16.24%     97.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        106614      2.46%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         6262      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4336268                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               118463                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40997851                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24606705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          78958                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2175188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4336268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             14.037724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       14.037724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.071237                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.071237                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 9428911                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                7194675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    89512                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   44769                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4963478                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2386838                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4136939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           300881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             762001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           300881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.532566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5565473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5565473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       666424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         666424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       105272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        105272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       771696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          771696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       771696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         771696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       543110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       543110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       544452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        544452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       544452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       544452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34550763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34550763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    110660500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    110660500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34661423500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34661423500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34661423500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34661423500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1209534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       106614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       106614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1316148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1316148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1316148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1316148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.449024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.449024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.413671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.413671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.413671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.413671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63616.510467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63616.510467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82459.388972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82459.388972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63662.955596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63662.955596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63662.955596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63662.955596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        37920                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.054100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       243552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       243552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       243570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       243570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       243570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       243570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       299558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       299558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       300882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       300882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       300882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       300882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18561194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18561194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    107448500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107448500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18668642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18668642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18668642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18668642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.247664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61961.937254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61961.937254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81154.456193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81154.456193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62046.391941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62046.391941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62046.391941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62046.391941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7372924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7372924                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1843231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1843231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1843231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1843231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1843231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1843231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1843231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1843231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1843231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1843231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1843231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1843231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    177081                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      434305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    177081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.452578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.756717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.243283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4990617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4990617                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        123552                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            123552                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               123852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   123852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              123852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  123852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       176005                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          176005                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             177029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 177029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            177029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                177029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    102186000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     102186000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16770278000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16770278000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16872464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16872464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16872464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16872464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1324                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1324                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       299557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        299557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           300881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               300881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          300881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              300881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.773414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587551                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.587551                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.588369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.588369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.588369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.588369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99791.015625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99791.015625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95282.963552                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95282.963552                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95309.039762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95309.039762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95309.039762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95309.039762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           51                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            51                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176005                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       176005                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        177029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            177029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           177029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     91946000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91946000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15010228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15010228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15102174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15102174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15102174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15102174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.588369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.588369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89791.015625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89791.015625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85282.963552                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85282.963552                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85309.039762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85309.039762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85309.039762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85309.039762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        354049                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       177025                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             176005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           175607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        176005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       531078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       531078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 531078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11420288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11420288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11420288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            177029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  177029    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              177029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           418238500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          960898500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       601762                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       300882                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          182                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            112                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          107                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            299557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          473379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       299557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       902643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                902643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19459264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19459264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          177081                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     90432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           477962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025460                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 477667     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    290      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             477962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          304051000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         451321500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
