
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4366460419750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67895676                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125914603                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              183814568                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5639304096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10458263608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12324992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12324992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        35264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           35264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         807278063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             807278063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2309766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2309766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2309766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        807278063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            809587830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192578                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        551                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192578                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      551                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12319488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   34944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12324992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                35264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     87                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267477000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192578                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  551                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.376411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.474718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.747728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42522     43.84%     43.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43803     45.16%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9229      9.52%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1251      1.29%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          137      0.14%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5614.705882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5482.182109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1248.300627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            2      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            6     17.65%     23.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            5     14.71%     38.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            7     20.59%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            4     11.76%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     11.76%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      2.94%     91.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      5.88%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.058824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.055523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.342997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               33     97.06%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4761185500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8370410500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  962460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24734.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43484.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       806.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    807.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95573                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     469                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79053.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350759640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186429375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               696714060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2583900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1634337060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24281280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5225799330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        61421760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387635445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.883333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11620072875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    159967750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3127721250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11460873125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341791800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181636290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               677678820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 266220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1595273820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24562080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5203175460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       113068320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9342147210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.903887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11705380500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9654500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509665125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    294627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3042644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11410753500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1719396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1719396                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            85358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1419008                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  66310                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10766                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1419008                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            696308                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          722700                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        31526                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     835259                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      74448                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154070                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1253                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1356261                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11012                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1391986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5200305                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1719396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            762618                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28835463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 177658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      5095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       100377                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1345249                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     15                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30424175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.345131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.484003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28451126     93.51%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31413      0.10%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  637374      2.09%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   37757      0.12%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  141558      0.47%     96.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   88926      0.29%     96.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   92073      0.30%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34004      0.11%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  909944      2.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30424175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.170308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  745010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28276631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   989916                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               323789                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 88829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8608148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 88829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  853044                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26859626                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1125451                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1475460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8219113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               104197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1030963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                393538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9766617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22565923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10965135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            50485                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3249369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6517248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           428                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2038282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1432563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             109853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5356                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7735756                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5896                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5600819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7212                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5033641                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9829909                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5896                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30424175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.184091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.794810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28196482     92.68%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             861152      2.83%     95.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             457881      1.50%     97.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             314838      1.03%     98.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             326128      1.07%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             114283      0.38%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              94217      0.31%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              35390      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23804      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30424175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14224     69.22%     69.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1456      7.09%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4337     21.10%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  340      1.65%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              170      0.83%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              23      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            26513      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4581054     81.79%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1877      0.03%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13088      0.23%     82.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18416      0.33%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              875980     15.64%     98.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              80301      1.43%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3536      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            54      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5600819                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.183425                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20550                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41607698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12732271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5334614                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              45877                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             43026                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20044                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5571200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23656                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5896                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       937422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          189                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        71928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           59                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1173                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 88829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24377236                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               304893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7741652                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1432563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              109853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23751                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               103402                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         42545                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               99639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5479445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               834914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           121374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      909333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  638998                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74419                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.179450                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5379325                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5354658                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3945843                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6259963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.175363                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5034636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            88827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29690858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.091207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.566589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28543607     96.14%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       520534      1.75%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128185      0.43%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       334709      1.13%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65214      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34052      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7642      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5308      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51607      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29690858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1356111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2708011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        533066                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       495141                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    472835                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15114                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2692747                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4530      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2146313     79.26%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            267      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10911      0.40%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12924      0.48%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         492951     18.20%     98.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         37925      1.40%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2190      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2708011                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                51607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37381898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16220905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            931                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         110513                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1356111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2708011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.516363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.516363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044412                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044412                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5669375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4649891                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    35630                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17786                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3294979                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1484897                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2812103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           247213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             419541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           247213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.697083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3695433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3695433                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       379235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         379235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        36919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       416154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          416154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       416154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         416154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       444895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       444895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       445901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        445901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       445901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       445901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35081108500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35081108500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35127347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35127347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35127347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35127347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       824130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        37925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       862055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       862055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       862055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       862055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.539836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.517254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.517254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.517254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.517254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78852.557345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78852.557345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45963.220676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45963.220676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78778.355509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78778.355509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78778.355509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78778.355509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.641657                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19236530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19236530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44413500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44413500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19280944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19280944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19280944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19280944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78128.360349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78128.360349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44591.867470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44591.867470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77993.244692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77993.244692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77993.244692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77993.244692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5380996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5380996                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1345249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1345249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1345249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1345249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1345249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1345249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1345249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1345249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1345249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1345249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1345249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1345249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192588                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      295800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.535921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.313551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.686449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4145756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4145756                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                54635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               54635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35888000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35888000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18270250500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18270250500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18306138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18306138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18306138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18306138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       246217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        246217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           247213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               247213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          247213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              247213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.353414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780718                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.780718                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.778996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.778996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.778996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.778996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101954.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101954.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95045.678004                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95045.678004                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95058.306245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95058.306245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95058.306245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95058.306245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192226                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192226                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32368000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32368000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16347990500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16347990500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16380358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16380358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16380358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16380358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.778996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.778996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91954.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91954.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85045.678004                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85045.678004                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85058.306245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85058.306245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85058.306245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85058.306245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385151                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192578                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       577729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       577729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 577729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12360256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12360256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12360256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192578    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           453933500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1041236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       494426                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       247213                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          517                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            246217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          436991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       246217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       741639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                741639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15966208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15966208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192588                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     35264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 439265     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    534      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          249472000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         370819500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
