
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10763477608125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              100610034                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                188188118                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              244614854                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    62.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6279451390                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11745533319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9955968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9975296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9863232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9863232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1265970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652108705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653374675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1265970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1265970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       646034564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            646034564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       646034564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1265970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652108705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1299409238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154113                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154113                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9975232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9862784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9975232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9863232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267468000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154113                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    723.881477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   555.202693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.304080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2391      8.73%      8.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2389      8.72%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1564      5.71%     23.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1694      6.18%     29.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1573      5.74%     35.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1273      4.65%     39.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1327      4.84%     44.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1767      6.45%     51.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13426     48.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.189467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.129254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.814891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.49%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            66      0.69%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9331     96.93%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           119      1.24%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            31      0.32%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            10      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             8      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.163534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9602     99.74%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.06%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2880330500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5802761750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18479.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37229.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       646.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    646.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142383                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140182                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49253.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98310660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52257150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               556098900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              400932540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507205970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64389120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2089154880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       306021120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1587879480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7410275970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.367717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11714748750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48819750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6415951875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    796899750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107357000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4581349750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97353900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51741030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556762920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403500780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         747402240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1491883230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65559840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2077463040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       322755360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590907080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7405329420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.043722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11824804500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46435250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6428583250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    840465250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3079313000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4555763375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1324566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1324566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5775                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1317462                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               719                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1317462                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1285775                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           31687                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4058                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     478585                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1313362                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          663                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2592                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46275                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          242                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5912405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1324566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1289150                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          928                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.395251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.665327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28673501     93.99%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   55873      0.18%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   58726      0.19%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  332505      1.09%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   34769      0.11%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8053      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8561      0.03%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32721      0.11%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1303475      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.193629                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  412272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28577866                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   707189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               804804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12001904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  697828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 221050                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12408                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1225424                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28345421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11972689                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28042396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15414982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25123602                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13810197                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           297666                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15184441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  230541                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4872388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              487651                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1320370                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20431                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19210                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11920376                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11866382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         149618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       219122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           572                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.388957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.291300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27343037     89.63%     89.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             497392      1.63%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             551081      1.81%     93.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             353484      1.16%     94.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             302823      0.99%     95.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1046267      3.43%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             167508      0.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             214035      0.70%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              32557      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 105700     95.99%     95.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  392      0.36%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   869      0.79%     97.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  186      0.17%     97.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2786      2.53%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             183      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3984      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9986459     84.16%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  86      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  262      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              79942      0.67%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              434769      3.66%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1276492     10.76%     99.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46271      0.39%     99.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38117      0.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11866382                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.388620                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     110116                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53985215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11869581                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11665940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             367562                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            201286                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180229                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11787106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 185408                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           14                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          588                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53862                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               132193                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11921058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               487651                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1320370                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               305                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               131654                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11852959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               478431                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1791776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1301593                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1313345                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.388180                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11848965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11846169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8686933                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11962676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.387958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.726170                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         149834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30484080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.386150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27433156     89.99%     89.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       374215      1.23%     91.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       321647      1.06%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1142601      3.75%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62372      0.20%     96.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       627710      2.06%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       105267      0.35%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30408      0.10%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       386704      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30484080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5752998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11771440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1775608                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       466645                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1295838                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176798                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11677190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9915302     84.23%     84.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78008      0.66%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         422451      3.59%     88.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1271285     10.80%     99.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44194      0.38%     99.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.32%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11771440                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               386704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42018650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23867118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            251                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5752998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11771440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.307613                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.307613                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.188409                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.188409                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13616371                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9088560                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   278180                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141390                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6494968                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6040090                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4401275                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1668535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.720683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7293409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7293409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       471867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         471867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1154627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1154627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1626494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1626494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1626494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1626494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       157949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        157949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       157949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       157949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    326109500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326109500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13934648998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13934648998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14260758498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14260758498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14260758498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14260758498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       475470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       475470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1308973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1308973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1784443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1784443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1784443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1784443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90510.546767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90510.546767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90281.892618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90281.892618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.108484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.108484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.108484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.108484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          569                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              147                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    83.102041                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   284.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13779464500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13779464500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13916607500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13916607500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13916607500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13916607500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105171.012270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105171.012270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89282.244583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89282.244583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89415.365587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89415.365587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89415.365587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89415.365587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.437784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.940351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.437784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           185021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          185021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51527999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51527999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51527999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51527999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51527999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51527999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73716.736767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73716.736767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73716.736767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73716.736767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73716.736767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73716.736767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37309500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37309500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37309500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37309500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37309500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37309500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65112.565445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65112.565445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65112.565445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65112.565445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65112.565445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65112.565445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156355                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      155880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.990239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.735801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16291.273960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2655491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2655491                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   76                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  76                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13547652500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13547652500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33602500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33602500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    134576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33602500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13682228500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13715831000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33602500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13682228500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13715831000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.528897                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.528897                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.960123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.960123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.528897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.528897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87795.608163                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87795.608163                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111266.556291                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111266.556291                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107488.817891                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107488.817891                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111266.556291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87954.104821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87999.275004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111266.556291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87954.104821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87999.275004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12004562500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12004562500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30582500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30582500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122056000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122056000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30582500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12126618500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12157201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30582500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12126618500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12157201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.528897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.960123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.528897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.528897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77795.608163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77795.608163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101266.556291                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101266.556291                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97488.817891                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97488.817891                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101266.556291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77954.104821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77999.275004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101266.556291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77954.104821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77999.275004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311589                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155736                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19838464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19838464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19838464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155863    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           928570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819714750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312420                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156186                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          116                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            728                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          728                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19841664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19914688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156357                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9863360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051214                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311746     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    822      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311169000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            859999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233457998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
