
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3190874922125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              106660459                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                197502054                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              294550569                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    51.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5528493977                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10237058213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11950656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11950656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        58816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           58816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         782759326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             782759326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3852405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3852405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3852405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        782759326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            786611732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        919                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186731                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      919                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11942272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   58496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11950784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                58816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267422500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186731                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  919                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.976323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.547878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.043255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44802     46.28%     46.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42200     43.59%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8415      8.69%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1198      1.24%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      0.13%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3280.719298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3176.226666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    819.793588                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.75%      1.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.75%      3.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.75%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            4      7.02%     12.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      3.51%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      8.77%     24.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           10     17.54%     42.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8     14.04%     56.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            7     12.28%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     10.53%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      7.02%     91.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.51%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.75%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.75%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.035088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.033096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.264906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               56     98.25%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4596121000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8094833500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  932990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24631.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43381.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       782.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    782.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    89940                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     771                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81361.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351880620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187036575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               679428120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1774800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1619936010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24683040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5189430480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103773600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9363252285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.286254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11650916000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9810500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    270419500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096757625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11380496500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                339278520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180330810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               652867320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2996280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1564097670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24638880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5231770650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       115184640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9316473810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.222298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11773114500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    299952250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2973972250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11473893625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1971457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1971457                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           102110                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1620838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  84121                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             13034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1620838                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            793568                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          827270                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        41928                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     979075                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     114294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       173096                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1874                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1542980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9018                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1590380                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6130621                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1971457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            877689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28693893                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 210126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        73289                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1533962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                15440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30467999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.406081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.606987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28175468     92.48%     92.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41794      0.14%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  696015      2.28%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   53145      0.17%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  160349      0.53%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  109443      0.36%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  110013      0.36%     96.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   43649      0.14%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1078123      3.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30467999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.064565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.200776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  866732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27934810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1202906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               358488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                105063                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10280708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                105063                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  992816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26523291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21483                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1351346                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1474000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9807027                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                96364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1091774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                318372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11650255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26741814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13271183                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            82652                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4038208                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7612040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           548                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2180368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1645184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             162898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6856                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9163322                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6729107                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5814573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11156733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8684                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30467999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.220858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.886985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27911335     91.61%     91.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             934310      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             516399      1.69%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362981      1.19%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             378120      1.24%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             152568      0.50%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             123881      0.41%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              52790      0.17%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35615      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30467999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22511     70.92%     70.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2392      7.54%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5925     18.67%     97.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  553      1.74%     98.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              340      1.07%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              21      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            34051      0.51%      0.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5482139     81.47%     81.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2349      0.03%     82.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22465      0.33%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              30435      0.45%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1028712     15.29%     98.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             122464      1.82%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6443      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            49      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6729107                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.220376                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      31742                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43892369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14916931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6385268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              76988                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             69652                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33455                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6687117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  39681                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1065312                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          420                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           86                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1241                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                105063                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23830096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               287233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9172006                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1645184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              162898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                77063                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         49661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              119922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6568809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               978444                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           160298                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1092713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  756523                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    114269                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.215126                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6452318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6418723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4740028                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7632416                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.210211                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621039                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5815665                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           105061                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29619426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.113352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.651950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28265348     95.43%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       591245      2.00%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       158208      0.53%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       381453      1.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        77945      0.26%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        44833      0.15%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12516      0.04%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8659      0.03%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        79219      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29619426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1682400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3357426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        645408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       579872                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    557262                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26270                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3330868                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7924      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2661984     79.29%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            463      0.01%     79.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19195      0.57%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22452      0.67%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         576054     17.16%     97.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         65536      1.95%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3818      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3357426                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                79219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38713298                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19198189                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          66689                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1682400                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3357426                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.149482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.149482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.055098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.055098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7060362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5565072                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    59221                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   29618                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3910808                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1816062                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3288311                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           270795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             536641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           270795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.981724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4376451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4376451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       475493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         475493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        64390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         64390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       539883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          539883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       539883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         539883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       485385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       485385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       486531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        486531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       486531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       486531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34761074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34761074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73490500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73490500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34834565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34834565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34834565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34834565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       960878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       960878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        65536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1026414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1026414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1026414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1026414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.505147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.474010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.474010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.474010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71615.469164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71615.469164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64127.835951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64127.835951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71597.832409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71597.832409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71597.832409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71597.832409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              987                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.529889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       215726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       215736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       215736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       269659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       270795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       270795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18981141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18981141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71266500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71266500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19052407500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19052407500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19052407500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19052407500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.280638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017334                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017334                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70389.421455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70389.421455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62734.595070                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62734.595070                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70357.309035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70357.309035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70357.309035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70357.309035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6135848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6135848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1533962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1533962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1533962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1533962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1533962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1533962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1533962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1533962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1533962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1533962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1533962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1533962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186755                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      346227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.853910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.333626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.666374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4517579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4517579                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2537                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2537                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               497                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   497                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         83567                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             83567                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                84064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    84064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               84064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   84064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       186092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          186092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64155000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      64155000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17661940500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17661940500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17726095500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17726095500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17726095500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17726095500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2537                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2537                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       269659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        269659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           270795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               270795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          270795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              270795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.562500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.562500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.690101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.690101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.689566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.689566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.689566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.689566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100399.061033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100399.061033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94909.724760                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94909.724760                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94928.509460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94928.509460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94928.509460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94928.509460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  919                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       919                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186092                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       186092                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57765000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57765000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15801040500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15801040500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15858805500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15858805500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15858805500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15858805500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.690101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.690101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.689566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.689566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.689566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.689566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90399.061033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90399.061033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84909.832234                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84909.832234                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84928.616566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84928.616566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84928.616566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84928.616566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        373456                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186732                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             186090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        186092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       560185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       560185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 560185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12009472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12009472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12009472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186731    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           440606500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1011109500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       541590                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       270796                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             43                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           37                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            269659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          454094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       269659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       812385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                812385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17493248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17493248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186755                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     58816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           457550                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 457091     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    453      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             457550                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          273332000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         406192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
