
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3084003513250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              108539991                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                200949436                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              300375794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    50.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5516812109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10213751395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11797952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11797952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        62528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           62528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          184343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              184343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         772757325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             772757325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4095539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4095539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4095539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        772757325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            776852863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      184343                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        977                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    184343                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      977                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11791424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   62848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11797952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                62528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267330000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                184343                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  977                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.319050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.294061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.847344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45849     47.31%     47.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41782     43.11%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8066      8.32%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1032      1.06%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          139      0.14%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           61                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3038.852459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2966.547753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    659.786426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.64%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.64%      3.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.64%      4.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            4      6.56%     11.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            6      9.84%     21.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            8     13.11%     34.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           12     19.67%     54.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6      9.84%     63.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           12     19.67%     83.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      8.20%     91.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      4.92%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.64%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            61                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           61                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.098361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.092951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.436078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               58     95.08%     95.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      4.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            61                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4583339750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8037858500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  921205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24876.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43626.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       772.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    772.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    87479                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     828                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82383.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                353565660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187924605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               673187760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2098440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1618172430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24616800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5193002670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102316800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9360194205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.085952                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11655145625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3092740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11388585625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                338414580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                179883000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               642292980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3027600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1554445860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24655680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5236546110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       119274240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9303849090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            609.395388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11794380625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    310596500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2952760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11484341625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1847750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1847750                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            93475                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1448567                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  82784                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12401                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1448567                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            746264                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          702303                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        36842                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     951297                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     116346                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       175592                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1981                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1462138                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6049                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1508544                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5802139                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1847750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            829048                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28816772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 191028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52653                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1456089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30477358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.383790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.562882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28307737     92.88%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34152      0.11%     92.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  658140      2.16%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   54061      0.18%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  156014      0.51%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  103569      0.34%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  112465      0.37%     96.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   42160      0.14%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1009060      3.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30477358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  803358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28104341                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1120630                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               353515                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 95514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9773989                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 95514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  926201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26694337                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1269931                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1472543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9332657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               100782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1101052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                304750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11101079                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25465801                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12691577                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            83167                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4182347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6918858                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               411                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           521                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2169477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1551035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             164203                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8731134                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6522751                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5269041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10074822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8686                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30477358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.214020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.872462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27979298     91.80%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             922315      3.03%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             513498      1.68%     96.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             360955      1.18%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             347091      1.14%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             146631      0.48%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119513      0.39%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              52478      0.17%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35579      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30477358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  24073     72.70%     72.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2543      7.68%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5691     17.19%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  544      1.64%     99.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              251      0.76%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            30405      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5308138     81.38%     81.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2285      0.04%     81.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                24507      0.38%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              31987      0.49%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              995189     15.26%     98.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             124179      1.90%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6037      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            24      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6522751                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.213618                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      33113                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005077                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43488248                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13942172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6207149                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              79196                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             66696                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35443                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6484606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  40853                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11734                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       960622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          335                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91954                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          971                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 95514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24154789                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               294569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8739820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1551035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              164203                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19895                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                81767                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              109447                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6377638                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               950692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           145113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1067019                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  750691                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    116327                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.208865                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6273426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6242592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4564569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7472310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.204443                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5269830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            95509                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29709211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.116828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.665464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28320288     95.32%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       599049      2.02%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       168584      0.57%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       393686      1.33%     99.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73926      0.25%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45963      0.15%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12132      0.04%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9369      0.03%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        86214      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29709211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1740738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3470881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        662684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       590435                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    568958                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     29136                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3441506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               12750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8783      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2752678     79.31%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            510      0.01%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           21362      0.62%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         24864      0.72%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         586163     16.89%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         72249      2.08%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4272      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3470881                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                86214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38363708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18252928                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            465                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          57330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1740738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3470881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.541231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.541231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.057009                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.057009                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7028964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5396539                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    62314                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   31164                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3938379                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1816533                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3174479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           271054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             513761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           271054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.895419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4288690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4288690                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       452947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         452947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        71138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         71138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       524085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          524085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       524085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         524085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       479213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       479213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       480324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        480324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       480324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       480324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34035818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34035818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     78609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34114427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34114427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34114427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34114427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       932160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       932160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        72249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1004409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1004409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1004409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1004409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.514089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.514089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.478216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.478216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.478216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.478216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71024.404597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71024.404597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70755.175518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70755.175518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71023.781864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71023.781864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71023.781864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71023.781864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24995                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.052750                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       269954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       271054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       271054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18826272500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18826272500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76553000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76553000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18902825500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18902825500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18902825500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18902825500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69738.816613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69738.816613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69593.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69593.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69738.227438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69738.227438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69738.227438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69738.227438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5824356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5824356                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1456089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1456089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1456089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1456089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1456089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1456089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1456089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1456089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1456089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1456089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1456089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1456089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    184365                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      356116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    184365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.931581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.358313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.641687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4929                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4519925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4519925                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         86310                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             86310                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                86711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    86711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               86711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   86711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             699                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 699                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             184343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 184343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            184343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                184343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70504000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      70504000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17477593000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17477593000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17548097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17548097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17548097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17548097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       269954                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        269954                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           271054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               271054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          271054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              271054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.635455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.635455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.680279                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.680279                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.680097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.680097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.680097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.680097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100864.091559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100864.091559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95171.053778                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95171.053778                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95192.640892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95192.640892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95192.640892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95192.640892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  977                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       977                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183644                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183644                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        184343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            184343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           184343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63514000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63514000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15641153000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15641153000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15704667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15704667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15704667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15704667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.635455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.635455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.680279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.680279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.680097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.680097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.680097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.680097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90864.091559                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90864.091559                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85171.053778                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85171.053778                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85192.640892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85192.640892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85192.640892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85192.640892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        368674                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       184342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           183354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       553017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       553017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 553017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11860480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11860480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11860480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            184343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  184343    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              184343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           436248500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          998940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       542108                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       271053                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          341                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             51                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           43                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            269954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          451798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       269954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       813162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                813162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17516672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17516672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          184365                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     62528                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           455419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 455028     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    383      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             455419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          273698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         406581000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
