
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3557291181125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              109720416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                203274715                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              300963919                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    50.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5565912223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10311749328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12168832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12168832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        47744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           47744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         797049696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             797049696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3127197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3127197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3127197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        797049696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            800176894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190138                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190138                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12163072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   48256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12168832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                47744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     90                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267322000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190138                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.023301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.305715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.593552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43413     44.80%     44.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43255     44.64%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8802      9.08%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1246      1.29%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      0.14%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4126.446809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4025.325634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    913.812791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.13%      2.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.13%      4.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6     12.77%     17.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5     10.64%     27.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      6.38%     34.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      4.26%     38.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      8.51%     46.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      8.51%     55.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5     10.64%     65.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      6.38%     72.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     10.64%     82.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5     10.64%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.13%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.13%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.042553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.040147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.291730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               46     97.87%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4682612250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8246012250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  950240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24639.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43389.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       796.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    797.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93257                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     641                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79982.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352773120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187503360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               694486380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2688300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1635388710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24520800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5196353130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        85093440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9384116280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.652830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11616825000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9478500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    221747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130380250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11395878125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                339121440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180251115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               662456340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1247580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1574538930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24575040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5224652490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       112450080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9324602055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.754692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11750871000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9614000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    293015750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2996963000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11457891375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1913236                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1913236                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            99892                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1582053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  82210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12825                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1582053                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            766175                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          815878                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        38209                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     945888                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      98724                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       162320                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1508                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1474176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11026                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1519190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5922163                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1913236                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            848385                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28701157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 207038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        96505                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1463150                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13314                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30425274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.393786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.584088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28213557     92.73%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34409      0.11%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  667398      2.19%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   48550      0.16%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  152918      0.50%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  120793      0.40%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  103894      0.34%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   42853      0.14%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1040902      3.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30425274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.193949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  832108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27999252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1143752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               346643                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                103519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9825799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                103519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  952872                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26464008                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24490                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1286106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1594279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9361769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               138177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1059591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                485570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11118715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25532947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12631189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            68739                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3618262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7500454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           474                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2134544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1593243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             143749                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8761699                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6399487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10561                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5757182                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10847394                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7666                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30425274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.210335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.861641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27971865     91.94%     91.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             901822      2.96%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             500180      1.64%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348258      1.14%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             366658      1.21%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             142283      0.47%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             116226      0.38%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              46728      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31254      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30425274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19632     68.78%     68.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1999      7.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6192     21.69%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  438      1.53%     99.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              268      0.94%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            32324      0.51%      0.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5216280     81.51%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2198      0.03%     82.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17418      0.27%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              24823      0.39%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              994938     15.55%     98.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             106387      1.66%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5076      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            43      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6399487                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.209581                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      28545                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004461                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43200900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14468090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6076264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              62454                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             58462                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        26994                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6363480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  32228                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1057359                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          286                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1153                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                103519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23503627                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               330492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8769365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1593243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              143749                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2792                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23878                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               130361                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         49395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              117565                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6248403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               945439                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           151084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1044136                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  718026                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     98697                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.204633                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6134131                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6103258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4514365                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7200247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.199879                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626974                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5758337                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           103516                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29581349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.101827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.610051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28341740     95.81%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       551319      1.86%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       140384      0.47%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       351638      1.19%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74111      0.25%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        40286      0.14%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10202      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7256      0.02%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        64413      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29581349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1508571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3012183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        586706                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       535884                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    512101                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     20374                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2991629                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6104      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2386879     79.24%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            359      0.01%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14723      0.49%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         17412      0.58%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         532922     17.69%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         50822      1.69%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2962      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3012183                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                64413                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38287456                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18387919                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            867                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         109414                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1508571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3012183                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.240803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.240803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.049405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.049405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6634924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5298364                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    48003                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   23992                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3683597                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1715465                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3150856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           256898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             511361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           256898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.990522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4187154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4187154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       465902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         465902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        49735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         49735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       515637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          515637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       515637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         515637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       465840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       465840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       466927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        466927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       466927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       466927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35225712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35225712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59470500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59470500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35285182500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35285182500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35285182500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35285182500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       931742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       931742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        50822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       982564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       982564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       982564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       982564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.499967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.499967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.475213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.475213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75617.619784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75617.619784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54710.671573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54710.671573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75568.948679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75568.948679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75568.948679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75568.948679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              982                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.617108                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       210017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       255823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       256898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       256898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19115588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19115588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57437000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57437000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19173025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19173025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19173025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19173025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74721.928834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74721.928834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53429.767442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53429.767442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74632.830929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74632.830929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74632.830929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74632.830929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5852600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5852600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1463150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1463150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1463150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1463150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1463150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1463150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1463150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1463150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1463150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1463150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1463150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1463150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190155                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      321230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.689306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.204771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.795229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4298659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4298659                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               588                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   588                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         66172                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             66172                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                66760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    66760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               66760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   66760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49380000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      49380000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18004883000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18004883000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18054263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18054263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18054263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18054263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1075                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1075                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       255823                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        255823                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           256898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               256898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          256898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              256898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.453023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.453023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.741337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.741337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.740130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.740130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.740130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.740130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101396.303901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101396.303901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94936.926249                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94936.926249                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94953.470637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.470637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94953.470637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.470637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189651                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189651                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44510000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44510000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16108363000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16108363000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16152873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16152873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16152873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16152873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.453023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.741337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.740130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.740130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91396.303901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91396.303901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84936.873520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84936.873520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84953.418044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84953.418044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84953.418044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84953.418044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380266                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190137                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       570405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       570405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 570405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12216640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12216640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12216640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190138                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190138    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190138                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           448338500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1028706500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       513796                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       256898                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          481                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             29                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            255823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          443962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       255823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       770694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                770694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16591552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16591552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190155                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     47744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           447053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001154                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034347                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 446543     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    504      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             447053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          259243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         385347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
