
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               732832518000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8397504                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 15853895                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               85066559                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1245828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   179.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1507143953                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2845381920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       19011904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19012288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1367488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1367488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          297061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              297067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         21367                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              21367                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1245265964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1245291116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        89569475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             89569475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        89569475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1245265964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1334860591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      297067                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      21367                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    297067                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    21367                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               19012288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1367104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19012288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1367488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             18609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             18560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             18649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             18675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             18564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             18562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             18684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             18568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             18565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             18493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            18432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            18432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            18439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            18651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            18622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            18562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267362500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                297067                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                21367                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  163485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  133567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    901.418259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   806.588330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   268.568191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          595      2.63%      2.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          705      3.12%      5.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          716      3.17%      8.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          405      1.79%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          689      3.05%     13.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          378      1.67%     15.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          779      3.45%     18.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          884      3.91%     22.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17457     77.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.373783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.153318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.254860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             48      3.60%      3.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          1280     95.88%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             1      0.07%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      0.07%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             4      0.30%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.027369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1334     99.93%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2820182750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8390189000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1485335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9493.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28243.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1245.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        89.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1245.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     89.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     9.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      30.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   276342                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   19479                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      47945.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 80881920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 42989760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1062931800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               56730960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         834066480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1558727700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             69821280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2077574190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       525739680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1457064120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7766527890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            508.701961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11667122000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     77081000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     353678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5742059000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1369102250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3169463125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4555960750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 80532060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 42807600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1058119440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               54773460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         834681120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1567823760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67955040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2067111840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       530870880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1456294860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7760970060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            508.337927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11637488750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     72142500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     353950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5736552250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1382500500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3189008375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4533190500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4721431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4721431                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1285                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4721381                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                     47                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                11                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4721381                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4717349                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses            4032                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           56                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4752691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      40277                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         4575                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           79                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                       3889                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles              4486                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      23697977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4721431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4717396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30528917                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     3889                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   15                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.393072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.744034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                21097583     69.09%     69.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 3651898     11.96%     81.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  441791      1.45%     82.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  452545      1.48%     83.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  168538      0.55%     84.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  161551      0.53%     85.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  460751      1.51%     86.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  402774      1.32%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3697258     12.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.154625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.776100                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1732070                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23480524                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1504782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3816027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              42499759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2648421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               17650565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4404173                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              5829732                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              42489608                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents              1183996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               3004884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                881504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           70684459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             94551367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        56730486                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70628362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   55805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 6                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             6                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 13649872                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4756376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              44033                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads               12                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores              15                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  42486563                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 13                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 42477552                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               19                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          38047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        45916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.391124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.020022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17907475     58.65%     58.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2717077      8.90%     67.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1732097      5.67%     73.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2898818      9.49%     82.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1168902      3.83%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1932366      6.33%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1985589      6.50%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             190065      0.62%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               2300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   1241     58.21%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   419     19.65%     77.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  472     22.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3866      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             37677010     88.70%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1213      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    9      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     88.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4755151     11.19%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              40303      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              42477552                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.391124                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       2132                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000050                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         115491938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         42524624                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     42468761                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              42475818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              12                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         7495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           59                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               16128753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                63838                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           42486576                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4756376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               44033                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 8                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 49119                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                14719                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           76                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1304                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             42470106                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4752691                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             7440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4792968                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4715044                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     40277                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.390881                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      42469996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     42468761                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 35549205                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 50973052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.390837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.697412                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          38053                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1285                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30529555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.390402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.096276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20927047     68.55%     68.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       189595      0.62%     69.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        24221      0.08%     69.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       167301      0.55%     69.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4508869     14.77%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4674755     15.31%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1479      0.00%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            7      0.00%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36281      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30529555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23636638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42448362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4789090                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4748863                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4712528                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 42444523                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                  10                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3837      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        37654215     88.71%     88.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1213      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               7      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4748863     11.19%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         40227      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42448362                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    72979689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   84978140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23636638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42448362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.291837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.291837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.774091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.774091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56695458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               37713442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 23581175                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                32948843                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               14220287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           297062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1058996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           297062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.564899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         19468570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        19468570                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       997728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         997728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        35229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1032957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1032957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1032957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1032957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      3754891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3754891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         5029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3759920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3759920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3759920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3759920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 250582291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 250582291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    457326999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    457326999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 251039617999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 251039617999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 251039617999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 251039617999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4752619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4752619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        40258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4792877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4792877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4792877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4792877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.790068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124919                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124919                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.784481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.784481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66734.904156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66734.904156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90937.959634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90937.959634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66767.276431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66767.276431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66767.276431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66767.276431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          885                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.076923                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             6025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3462858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3462858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3462858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3462858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3462858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3462858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       292033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       292033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       297062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       297062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23581877500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23581877500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    452296999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452296999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24034174499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24034174499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24034174499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24034174499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.061447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124919                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124919                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.061980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.061980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80750.728514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80750.728514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89937.760787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89937.760787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80906.256940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80906.256940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80906.256940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80906.256940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.031467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 56                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.031467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            15562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           15562                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         3883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           3883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         3883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            3883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         3883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           3883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         3889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         3889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         3889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         3889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         3889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    297074                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      298903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    297074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.006157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.366081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.300875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.333045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5050146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5050146                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             6025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                        1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                       1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            5028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       292033                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          292033                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             297061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 297067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            297061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                297067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    444732000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     444732000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       697000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       697000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23143814000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  23143814000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23588546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      23589243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23588546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     23589243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          5029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              5029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       292033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        292033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           297062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               297068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          297062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              297068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88451.073986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88451.073986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79250.680574                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79250.680574                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79406.404745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79407.147209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79406.404745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79407.147209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21367                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21367                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       292033                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       292033                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        297061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            297067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           297067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    394442000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    394442000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       637000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       637000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20223494000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20223494000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20617936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20618573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20617936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20618573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78449.085123                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78449.085123                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69250.714816                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69250.714816                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69406.404745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69407.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69406.404745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69407.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        594135                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       297069                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           275701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        292039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       891202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       891202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 891202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20379776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20379776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20379776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            297067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  297067    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              297067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           785292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1560287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       594136                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       297068                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            292038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          566744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       292033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       891186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                891204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19397568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19398336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          297074                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1367488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           594142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 594130    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     12      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             594142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          303099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         445593000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
