
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2305368962875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19772080                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 36136114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59707986                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   255.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5055724603                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9240011230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1162752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1066368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1066368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16662                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16662                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76159415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              76180375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        69846333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             69846333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        69846333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76159415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            146026708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18173                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16662                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16662                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1163008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1065920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1163072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1066368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265958000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18173                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16662                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.237280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.317567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.161488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17758     71.88%     71.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5019     20.32%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1144      4.63%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          509      2.06%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          159      0.64%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           66      0.27%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           32      0.13%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           11      0.04%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.843361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.760775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.776548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                2      0.21%      0.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               94      9.75%      9.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              133     13.80%     23.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              194     20.12%     43.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              220     22.82%     66.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              152     15.77%     82.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               94      9.75%     92.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               49      5.08%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               19      1.97%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                6      0.62%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.276971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.247484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.002100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              353     36.62%     36.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               25      2.59%     39.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              552     57.26%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               34      3.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    479355750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               820080750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   90860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26378.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45128.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        76.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        69.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     76.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     69.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6503                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3625                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     438236.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 88814460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 47209800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                65309580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               43670520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1023068490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30396480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4596567780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1062220320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         42902400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8217882960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.265391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12942362500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20679750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     515276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     97953750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2766290500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1786930500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10080213625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 87536400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 46545675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                64438500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               43268580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216987200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1012659150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30630240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4582960740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1080774720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         43247760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8209082175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.688946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12965984500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20454250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515022000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    101890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2814402125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1764875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10050699750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13231591                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13231591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1375339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11114845                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1079771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            194188                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11114845                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2654220                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8460625                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       902023                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6984382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2394660                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        86065                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        17352                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6561304                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2698                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7402043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56517957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13231591                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3733991                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21739374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2752904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        13                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15121                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6558606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               318472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.027575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.671367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12144621     39.77%     39.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  525887      1.72%     41.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  896336      2.94%     44.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1340731      4.39%     48.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  611269      2.00%     50.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1149798      3.77%     54.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  988647      3.24%     57.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  502235      1.64%     59.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12374430     40.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.850943                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5598587                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8358284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13766974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1433657                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1376452                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110181676                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1376452                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6665350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6970584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        239635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13921466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1360467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103036572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                35528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                714567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                411246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115766188                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255564512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140412893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19208586                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48404876                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67361289                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30987                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33466                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3256991                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9505993                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3323719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           161786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          169992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89400837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             217874                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71188305                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           673356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47802370                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68983930                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        217765                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.331447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.596009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13301406     43.56%     43.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2219150      7.27%     50.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2745221      8.99%     59.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2317699      7.59%     67.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2356557      7.72%     75.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2244158      7.35%     82.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2643869      8.66%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1631768      5.34%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1074126      3.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1445855     92.78%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                82884      5.32%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4458      0.29%     98.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1996      0.13%     98.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22838      1.47%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             319      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1824294      2.56%      2.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54104584     76.00%     78.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2910      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                76167      0.11%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4967234      6.98%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5203852      7.31%     92.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2603513      3.66%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2404806      3.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           945      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71188305                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.331391                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1558350                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159991829                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119582194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60211086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15150440                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17839145                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6732968                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63339344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7583017                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          227389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5759676                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3864                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1611295                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3495                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1376452                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6184013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 8872                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89618711                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9505993                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3323719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             89186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1801                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        417106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1311084                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1728190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68128639                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6949380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3059665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9343412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6269381                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2394032                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.231188                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67502882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66944054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49527540                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88005548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.192394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47802535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1376291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23264282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.797447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.418737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10772345     46.30%     46.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3022817     12.99%     59.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3414393     14.68%     73.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1866812      8.02%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       966432      4.15%     86.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       765614      3.29%     89.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       325922      1.40%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       324628      1.40%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1805319      7.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23264282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19025165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41816317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5458738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3746314                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4368547                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3130343                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39140464                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              377652                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       708249      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33237686     79.48%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1049      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           50075      0.12%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2360520      5.64%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2988450      7.15%     94.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1712424      4.10%     98.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       757864      1.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41816317                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1805319                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111077815                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186644319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            734                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19025165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41816317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.604963                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.604963                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.623067                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.623067                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87286793                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51450876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10646301                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6341218                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36227535                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17955052                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22161881                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             509405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.543724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33567167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33567167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6647497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6647497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1702030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1702030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8349527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8349527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8349527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8349527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        26510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        37076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         37076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        37076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        37076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1875206500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1875206500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    982558500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    982558500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2857765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2857765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2857765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2857765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6674007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6674007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1712596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1712596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8386603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8386603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8386603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8386603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70735.816673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70735.816673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92992.475866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92992.475866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77078.568346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77078.568346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77078.568346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77078.568346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    880826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    880826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    928739500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    928739500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1809566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1809566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1809566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1809566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82090.074557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82090.074557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92513.148720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92513.148720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87128.219943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87128.219943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87128.219943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87128.219943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.634491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             246305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           199.598865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.634491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26235672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26235672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6557308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6557308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6557308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6557308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6557308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6557308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16852500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16852500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16852500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16852500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16852500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16852500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6558606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6558606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6558606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6558606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6558606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6558606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12983.436055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12983.436055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12983.436055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12983.436055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12983.436055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12983.436055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12224.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12224.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12224.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12224.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12224.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12224.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18178                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.080757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       19.788205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.163302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16349.048493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    369834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   369834                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1234                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1234                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1229                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1229                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2494                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2494                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9934                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9934                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8234                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8234                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    912784500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     912784500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       448500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       448500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    837808500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    837808500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1750593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1751041500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1750593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1751041500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1234                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1234                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1234                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1234                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990725                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990725                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004052                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004052                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.767524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.767524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.004052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.875355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.826459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.004052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.875355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.826459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91884.890276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91884.890276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101749.878552                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101749.878552                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96355.845443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.014197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96355.845443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.014197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8234                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8234                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        80000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    813444500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813444500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    755468500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    755468500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1568913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1569311500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1568913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1569311500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.767524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.826459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.826459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81884.890276                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81884.890276                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91749.878552                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91749.878552                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86355.845443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86354.014197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86355.845443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86354.014197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36350                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18178                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        54523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        54523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2229440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2229440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2229440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18177                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18177    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18177                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           107414500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           98600750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        44006                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21989                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           63                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 66009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       157952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2441088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2599040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18192                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1067264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  40125     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     70      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           40624000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31139999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
